 MV: 1 - Nenokkadine (2014)  PL: Gautham (Mahesh Babu) is in search of the identity of his parents who were PL: killed. He faces a psychological disorder which makes the search even more PL: difficult. taking support of sameera(Kriti ) and figuring out ways to get PL: to know what happened in the past makes the story.  BY: D Lokesh Reddy  PL: Gautam (Mahesh Babu) surrenders to the police for a murder he says he PL: committed. But when Sameera (Kriti Sanon) airs an unexpected footage of the PL: murder, Gautam along with the everyone else is shocked to see learn that he PL: fought and stabbed an imaginary person. He's confused, but still convinced PL: that his parents, whose identities or faces he cannot recall, were murdered PL: 20 years back by three men who frequently appear in his hallucinations. In PL: an attempt to get closer to a truth in which only he seems to believe, he PL: finally manages to convince not only himself, but also Sameera that those PL: three men are real. Tracking them down and uncovering the truth, he finally PL: manages to see justice for his parents murders and discovers their old PL: abandoned home in London.  BY: Roshan Prizak  PL: 1-Nenokkadine is a coming of the age psychological thriller. Gautham PL: (Mahesh babu) is a rockstar who is troubled by the shadows of his misty PL: past. The movie jump starts when he avenges his parents death by killing PL: the antagonist. He surrenders before law pleading guilty, only to realize PL: that this one of his paranoia attacks. Sameera (Kriti Sanon) is a PL: journalist who takes interest in his case to get him out of it, but instead PL: gets stuck in the turmoil in a whole different dimension. So now Gowtham PL: has to prove to the world that his visions are not just any results of some PL: psychotic disorder but also save his and sameera's neck in the aftermath. PL: So the remnant of the movie revolves around how Gowtham fights his inner PL: chaos and also the confusing world around him.  BY: K Vishal  PL: Gautam (Mahesh Babu) is a rock star. He is alone and his parents are killed PL: when he was a kid. He wants to take revenge on the killers of his parents. PL: But, he has a psychological problem. The rest of the story is all about how PL: he overcomes the psychological problem, how he finds out who his parents' PL: killers are and how he gets to know more about his parents.  BY: urstrulytrinu  PL: The story of a rock star Gautham (Mahesh Babu) who has delusions of PL: fighting and killing three criminals who murdered his parents but a video PL: shot by a journalist surfaces showing him kicking and fighting at air with PL: no people around him at all. A medical examination reveals him as suffering PL: from some brain disorder and everyone around him laughs and tells him that PL: his memories of fighting are a product of his imagination and did not PL: happen in reality. He is also told that his parents did not exist at all PL: and he has invented their death. The movie is about how he investigates the PL: truth of his supposedly fictional memories with the help of a beautiful, PL: chirpy and enterprising journalist. He learns about how he really is and PL: uncovers a plot involving money and mafia.  BY: Cinelover24  
 MV: A Good Match (2014)  PL: What is a traditional Indian housewife supposed to do when she finds PL: herself in an abusive marriage with no one to turn to? Rukmini finds PL: herself in this position because the little family she has is far away in PL: India. In New Jersey where she has been living for the last 25 years, she PL: has a grown daughter Meera who has also temporarily been packed off to PL: India to study medicine. Medical school in India, for Rukmini's husband PL: Tijesh, not only provides the path to a lucrative profession in the US but PL: also separates his daughter from a boyfriend who is "unsuitable." The only PL: refuge Rukmini now has is her daily computer chat sessions with her PL: daughter and her conversations with her tenant Kavita who is decisive and PL: strong and provides her with advice on how to cope. In the midst of all PL: this, Rukmini finds out that Tijesh is planning to arrange a marriage for PL: their daughter with the son of a business partner in India, who is involved PL: in supplying illegal "products" to her husband. Tijesh will not only PL: benefit monetarily from an alliance with this man but will also gain an PL: assistant in his liquor business once Meera's intended husband arrives in PL: the US with the coveted "green card." Rukmini now realizes that it is now PL: or never if she has to protect her daughter from ending up in a marriage PL: similar to her own. Kavita and her daughter provide Rukmini with different PL: options of how to break free of her marriage. The question now is which PL: option will she choose if she wants to successfully protect her daughter PL: and safeguard their future in America.  BY: Suneeta Misra  PL: The story revolves around an Indian-American housewife struggling to cope PL: with an unhappy marriage. She is frustrated with her lack of courage in PL: taking a stand and yet is determined to make a better life for her PL: daughter. Her contact with the outside world is mainly through her daughter PL: who is a college going student studying in India and her friend and tenant PL: who is an independent working woman. As the protagonist struggles between PL: different options to break out of her stifling circumstances, she realizes PL: that she needs to find the courage within herself if she wants to grow into PL: the kind of person she herself could respect.  BY: Suneeta Misra  
 MV: Another World (2014/I)  PL: The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is PL: in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes PL: wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures (hence PL: forth - "infected"). There are five characters, which are still uninfected, PL: trying to survive constant attacks by the infected. each one of them PL: represents in some way a different aspect of human existence, a different PL: world-view, but most important, a different moral view about the world and PL: his/her place in it - The Colonel - A professional soldier. represents the PL: political-military-economic establishment, which sees life as a constant PL: violent struggle for power and resources. The Doctor - Represents a PL: commitment to love, justice and non-violent struggle against all wrong. The PL: Wizard - A young man, an inventor and an autodidact scientist, who looks at PL: life as a puzzle to be solved. he strives to discover, understand and PL: invent, with no thought as to the consequences. The Daughter - A simple PL: girl with simple ambitions - sailing through life enjoying every comfort, PL: while ignoring or unaware of bigger and more profound issues. The Mouser - PL: A murderer and rapist, evil in the most banal aspect of the word. The plot PL: takes place during their last six days. all along, as the characters PL: evolve, they listen to a daily radio program dealing with the extinction of PL: the dinosaurs, finding correlating themes to their own situation. as the PL: protagonists move and try to survive, and as their world views and PL: correlations to the situation are gradually reveled, the following themes PL: are explored: the essence of evil, the boundaries of moral responsibility, PL: species (and humankind) extinction, love, grace, euthanasia and more.  BY: Michael Birinbaum  
 MV: Anuk 2: The Fire Mountain (2014)  PL: 150 generations ago: for a 100 years the great Pyramids in Egypt are built PL: and in England the erection of Stonehenge, the circular stone construct, is PL: about to be completed. At the same time a lone warrior drifts through the PL: mountains searching for the fast animals, on which his ancestors once came. PL: Anuk the son of Pe-Kai and last of the Naluk and Meha, the daughter of Moem PL: of the tribe of Efri, and her brother Maha Lu conquered the mighty enemy. PL: This is happened 3 summers ago, but then the mountain area trembled. Not PL: only the white skulls, that suddenly appear and hunt the people, to eat PL: their flesh, threaten the people of the mountain area. The mountains are PL: raising themselves. The mountain spirits don't accept the people on their PL: land anymore. Anuk II "The Fire Mountain" isn't only a Sequel of the first PL: part, but more so a story of its own. Made mysterious, archaic, hypnotic, PL: the bronze era road movie, is conforming this time. Independently the movie PL: moves between epos and dogma, and stands for that reason as warrior movie PL: on its own, and moves far away from the Warrior Main Stream.  BY: Luke Gasser  PL: Made mysterious, archaic, hypnotic, the bronze era road movie, is PL: conforming this time. Independently the movie moves between epos and dogma, PL: and stands for that reason as warrior movie on its own, and moves far away PL: from the Warrior Main Stream.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Batman: Arkham Origins - Cold, Cold Heart (2014) (VG)  PL: On New Years' Eve, the president of GothCorp, Ferris Boyle, is set to PL: receive an award for Gotham's Humanitarian of the Year. But before he can PL: accept it, a man in a robotic, cryo-suit storms Wayne Manor and kidnaps PL: him. Who could possibly hold a grudge against the nicest guy in Gotham? PL: That's what Batman intends to find out.  BY: Anonymous  PL: One week after the Joker's chaotic attacks on Christmas Eve, the president PL: of GothCorp, Ferris Boyle, is set to receive an award for Gotham's PL: Humanitarian of the Year. But before he can accept it, a man in a robotic, PL: cryo-suit calling himself Mr. Freeze storms Wayne Manor and kidnaps him. PL: Aided by The Penguin's henchmen, the man with the cold, cold heart leaves PL: with Boyle, putting all of Bruce Wayne's guests in jeopardy. Quickly, he PL: dashes to the Batcave to suit up. After taking out all the thugs in the PL: mansion, he follows Boyle to GothCorp where he discovers Penguin working PL: with Freeze. Realizing his normal bat suit wouldn't stand a chance against PL: the harsh, cryogenic chemicals in the lab, Batman sends for a new prototype PL: suit that can withstand subzero temperatures before he can take down his PL: icy foes. At the same time, Batman discovers Mr. Freeze's chilling PL: backstory, and how Ferris Boyle is anything but a humanitarian.  BY: Bruce Wayne  
 MV: Bing Fung: Chung Sang Chi Mun (2014)  PL: During the Ming Dynasty four orphans; Ying, Sao, Yuanlong and Niehu are PL: raised in Taoyuan Village and become close to being brothers. Their PL: exceptional martial arts skills allows them to reach the highest rank PL: within the imperial guards. After a successful attempt to kill a Japanese PL: troop leader, the Emperor orders Ying to escort the Golden Wheel of Time PL: from Sindu back to the capital, which is said to have the power of time PL: travel and foresee into the future. From the correspondence between PL: Japanese and Ming officials seized from the mission, Mr. Tu - the Chief of PL: National Defence - reveals that he can identify the traitor by the PL: handwritings. On the way of escorting the Golden Wheel of Time in the snow, PL: Ying is surprisingly confronted by Sao, Yuanlong and Niehu. They inform PL: Ying the news of the murder of Tu's family with Ying as the killer. The PL: Emperor believes that Ying killed Tu in order to conceal his identity as PL: the traitor, and orders to have Ying and his clan killed. With the Trio PL: sent out to catch Ying, a separate troop is sent to Taoyuan to kill the PL: villagers. From the evidence presented to Ying, he comes to the conclusion PL: that the traitor has to be one of the trio and also the one behind the PL: ruthless killing. Desperate to save the Taoyuan villagers, Ying chooses to PL: fight his way out. The intensity of the duel has shaken the earth causing PL: an avalanche that buries the four during the heat of battle. Now in 2013, PL: Squire Tang, funded by a mysterious financer, digs up Ying, Sao and Niehu. PL: As he is transferring the icemen to Hong Kong for further studies, the PL: vehicle is involved in a traffic accident which, unexpectedly, defrosts PL: Ying. Frozen for 400 years arriving to modern day Hong Kong, Ying PL: accidentally meets an intoxicated woman named May on Halloween evening, who PL: later gives him shelter. With his intelligence and hard-work, Ying soon PL: becomes more familiar with the idea of modern society with the help of the PL: internet. While adapting to his new life, Ying and May also gradually PL: starts to fall for each other. Ying still never forgets about the injustice PL: that framed him. He comes across a historical record on the internet PL: stating that he plotted a revolt which branded him with the reputation of a PL: traitor in history. However, there is no information regarding the fate of PL: the villagers. For Ying to correct history, he must use the Golden Wheel of PL: Time. However, Sao and Niehu are now also reanimated at present time. They PL: continue to take up the chase they left behind in the past, eventually PL: leading to several showdowns around Hong Kong.  BY: DooK  
 MV: Bird (2014/I)  PL: Greg Vargas, a retired street wise criminal, is leaving his life of crime PL: in hopes of making it big in the music business. When his attempt at PL: stardom fails, he returns to his hometown where his old friends re-enter PL: his life to convince him to join them for one more heist. During the heist, PL: he discovers a half-naked young woman named Samantha Flores (nicknamed PL: "Birdie") who is completely wet and in an almost catatonic state staggering PL: down the deserted road where he waits for his friends to return from their PL: heist. He picks her up in hopes of drawing suspicion away from the theft, PL: but as soon as he picks her up, they are rear ended by someone who intends PL: on killing them. Through his skills as a driver, he is able to lose the PL: car, but this leads to the assailants targeting both the woman and Greg as PL: their next victims. Due to the trauma of the night's events, Samantha PL: "Birdie" Flores has no memory of who and why people are trying to kill her; PL: she only sees brief flashes of the incident that led to all the trouble. PL: Greg investigates the night of the heist in an attempt to discover who is PL: after them, so he can save both Birdie and himself from the men that are PL: after them. This leads him to the man who hired him and his friends for the PL: heist, an unscrupulous crime figure name Biggie Lambright. Biggie, who PL: wants Greg to work for him on a continual basis, makes Greg a deal. He will PL: only intervene and stop the attempts on Greg's and Samantha's lives if Greg PL: goes back and finishes the heist that he halted to save the girl. Now Greg PL: is forced to pull off the heist again, and if he fails, not only is his PL: life but the lives of those closest to him are at stake. Out of options, PL: Greg must either solve the crime or pull off the heist. If he fails at PL: either, not only is his life at stake, but the lives of the people that are PL: closest to him.  BY: Dave Mack  
 MV: Blonde Squad (2014)  PL: They're beautiful, they're brilliant, and they can kick your butt. The PL: captivating crime-fighting four who are the masters of disguise, espionage, PL: and martial arts are back in action. Jill Masters (Lacey Wildd) is the PL: toughest one that will take no prisoners. Brandi Nash (Summer Cummings) is PL: the hot, sexy, and the lethal one that uses her beauty to get what she PL: wants and loves doing it. Sabrina Steele (Elizabeth Starr) is the smartest PL: brilliant leader of Blonde Squad. Last but not least is Jane Bond (Oyla PL: Lvova), the classy bad to the bone rookie who is hard-as-nails. They work PL: for a man named Colonel Thorpe (Hector Marrache) the head of D.I.C.E. from PL: Langley Washington DC who never meets his employees face to face. The PL: Blonde Squad are sent into action when the devious mastermind Contessa PL: Dell"Oro (Linda Wang), the evil leader of the Frogmen plot to destroy the PL: world in 48 hours with her new X-bomb Nuclear Missile if the world leaders PL: do not reach her demands on time. She will wipe out each country with PL: everything in it every hour. The Blonde Squad is sent out to bring down the PL: bad guys at all cost. They will be blowing stuff up, kicking the cr*p out PL: of people, shooting and blasting anybody on their way while wearing really PL: tight clothing in high heels, but the mission becomes personal when one of PL: the Blonde Squad members has been kidnaped by the Frogmen gang. They have PL: to go deep under cover as gun smugglers, scuba divers, and freaky latex PL: models to find and learn where the evil Contessa is hiding before its too PL: late. But Contessa finds out and puts out a bounty for each of the Blonde PL: Squad member's heads for millions of dollars. With little clues through PL: their contacts, the Blonde squad is finally able to locate where Contessa PL: Dell"Oro and her Frogmen gang hide out is, but time is almost running out PL: to stop Contessa's evil plot before she launches the Missile to destroy all PL: human life on earth. The epic battle of Blonde Squad and the evil Contessa PL: Dell"Oro with her Frogmen gang will determine the fate of all mankind.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Callejero (2014)  PL: For Javier, running away from the tiny border town of San Luis Rio Colorado PL: and his professional fighter father when he was just a teenager meant PL: growing up on the streets of Tijuana and being bred in the world of PL: cartel-run underground fighting. Years later, the grizzled veteran fighter PL: known as Callejero, and his quick-talking ever-scheming manager Jose, are PL: faced with a dilemma: Throw the next fight or face the consequences of a PL: gambling debt owed to the cartel. When things go awry, only a longstanding PL: relationship with the man in charge keeps Jose and Javier alive, but PL: they're forced out of the fight game and Tijuana for good. Irreparably PL: damaged by all his years in the ring, Javier returns home alone, lost and PL: broken. With nowhere else to turn, he tries to build a new life forging a PL: relationship with his father, his own wayward teenage son and his son's PL: mother, who he all but abandoned a decade earlier. And while nothing comes PL: easy, the family bond begins to strengthen when Javier starts teaching his PL: son how to box, keeping him off the streets and headed in the right PL: direction. But ultimately, when Jose comes to town with an opportunity to PL: train a talented young boxer and a chance at a $100,000 purse, Javier is PL: tempted to return to the life he left behind and torn between the need for PL: money and his obligation to his family.  BY: Martin Derbyshire  
 MV: Camp X (2014) (TV)  PL: During the Second World War, with Hitler's forces dominating Western PL: Europe, the Allies knew that conventional warfare alone would not be enough PL: for victory over the brutal Nazi regime. What they needed were secret PL: agents, who could be dropped into enemy territory to gather intelligence, PL: organize the resistance, and cause chaos through any means possible. But PL: while Britain was not well versed in clandestine warfare, the USA nor PL: Canada had any experience whatsoever of sending spies behind enemy lines. PL: In espionage terms, Britain stood alone. So a joint plan was forged between PL: Britain and America to train an army of spies in the dark arts of sabotage, PL: subversion, and guerilla warfare. To help keep the new Anglo-American PL: alliance a secret, the decision was made to set up the elite school in PL: Canada, close to Toronto. Overseen by British experts and instructors, it PL: was known officially as Special Training School 103. But to those who PL: trained there it went by another name - CAMP X. Opening within days of the PL: Pearl Harbor bombing, Camp X was the first spy school in North America. It PL: became the model on which America's espionage training was based, all of PL: which was laid down in a top-secret manual written specifically for the PL: Camp. A one-of-a-kind document, it taught new recruits everything they PL: needed to know about how to be a spy. Following training, North American PL: spies were sent around the world to take on enemies from Germany and Japan PL: in a deadly chess game of move and counter move that lasted the entire war. PL: Told through the incredible stories of these real-life James Bonds, this PL: film traces the evolution of espionage in North America, and explains how PL: the men and women who were the world's first modern spies were vital in PL: helping the Allies to victory... Starting at the opening of Camp X, it uses PL: first hand accounts from WW2 spies to explore all the key skills required PL: to conduct WW2 espionage, including demolitions, codes and ciphers, cover PL: stories and close combat, all of which are intimately detailed in the Camp PL: X training manual. It then ends with the dramatic key role that Camp X PL: played in helping to reveal the threat posed by the Soviets in the earliest PL: days of the Cold War, and the revelation that one of the writers of the PL: manual was secretly a Soviet mole, who would later become one of the most PL: infamous defectors in history - Kim Philby. Through this process of PL: discovery, Camp X reveals how the work that began at this WW2 spy school PL: laid the foundations for the world most famous intelligence agency... the PL: CIA.  BY: Yap Films  
 MV: Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)  PL: For Steve Rogers, awakening after decades of suspended animation involves PL: more than catching up on pop culture; it also means that this old school PL: idealist must face a world of subtler threats and difficult moral PL: complexities. That comes clear when Director Nick Fury is killed by the PL: mysterious assassin, the Winter Soldier, but not before warning Rogers that PL: SHIELD has been subverted by its enemies. When Rogers acts on Fury's PL: warning to trust no one there, he is branded as a traitor by the PL: organization. Now a fugitive, Captain America must get to the bottom of PL: this deadly mystery with the help of the Black Widow and his new friend, PL: The Falcon. However, the battle will be costly for the Sentinel of Liberty, PL: with Rogers finding enemies where he least expects them while learning that PL: the Winter Soldier looks disturbingly familiar.  BY: Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)  PL: Steve Rogers is coming to grips with living in modern America after being PL: frozen in ice for 50 years. A new threat against S.H.I.E.L.D. arises called PL: "The Winter Soldier". While the origins of the Winter Soldier are unknown, PL: the threat against S.H.I.E.L.D. from the Hydra organization is. Especially PL: after it compromises Nick Fury and Agent Romanoff, leaving them betrayed PL: and left for dead, and their S.H.I.E.L.D. status revoked, marking them as PL: traitors to the organization. Now racing against time with very little PL: resources available at his disposal, Captain America launches an PL: investigation into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s origins and that has him returning to the PL: very Army base where he once underwent basic training nearly 100 years ago. PL: What he and Romanoff discover there leads to a very startling development PL: with S.H.I.E.L.D., a top secret project called "Operation Insight", and the PL: launch of the next generation of Helicarrier. Can they stop it before it's PL: too late?  BY: halo1k  PL: After commanding a successful rescuing mission of hostages from pirates in PL: a ship, Steve Rogers meets Nick Fury very upset since Natasha Romanoff had PL: different objectives from his. Nick explains that he does not trust anybody PL: but discloses the latest top secret project from SHIELD called "Operation PL: Insight" that will launch three aircraft carriers into space, linked by a PL: satellite to protect the world. There is an attempt against Nick by the PL: Winter Soldier and Nick goes to Steve's apartment and delivers a flash PL: memory to Steve. He tells that SHIELD is compromised with infiltrated HYDRA PL: agents; then Nick is badly wounded by three shots and goes on surgery. PL: Secretary Alexander Pierce asks Steve why Nick was in his apartment but he PL: refuses to tell. Soon Steve is considered traitor and hunted down by the PL: SHIELD agents and he teams up with Natasha and Sam "Falcon "Wilson. Now PL: they investigate the reason why Nick was chased and they discover a lethal PL: secret plotted by the HYDRA.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Cell (2014/I)  PL: When a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide, PL: it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become PL: bloodthirsty creatures, and a group of people in New England are among the PL: survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after.  BY: mystic80  PL: For aspiring artist Clayton "Clay" Riddell, catching a big break has never PL: been his strong suit, and only put undue stress on himself and family. Sick PL: of teaching art instead of making it, he's finally seeing his dreams come PL: true. As he finalizes a big deal in the city of Boston, Clay prepares for a PL: new life ahead, completely free of financial burden and marital woes and PL: the opportunity to start anew as a man established. But that's all about to PL: change on one October afternoon, when at one single moment, everyone PL: answers their cell phone, inevitably changing the face of humanity forever. PL: The Pulse as it will be known, reverberates through every cell phone in the PL: world, causing a deadly chain reaction of events. Users suddenly become PL: ultra-violent, homicidal maniacs and begin attacking anyone within PL: proximity. Now all Clay can do, is band together with other survivors and PL: prepare for a new world ahead where society is no more, and replaced by PL: homicidal creatures, who are only beginning to transform into something far PL: worse. But for Clay, the worst is yet to come as he makes the trek across a PL: world changed and into his Maine home, to a wife and son he hasn't been PL: able to reach after the cataclysmic events that followed.  BY: mystic80  
 MV: Chosin: Baptized by Fire (2014)  PL: CHOSIN: Baptized by Fire, is an animated short film inspired by the PL: incredible true story of the Chosin Reservoir Campaign of the Korean War. PL: Private First Class Billy French, fresh out of high school, is one of 5,000 PL: Marines sent to war without going to bootcamp. While delivering mail to the PL: grunts of Fox Company, French is trapped in a massive surprise attack PL: launched by the Communist Chinese Army. Facing total annihilation, French PL: must prove his mettle when the company's position is overrun by hordes of PL: enemy troops. The first-ever animated Korean War film, CHOSIN: Baptized by PL: Fire is a part of a larger transmedia franchise, which includes two graphic PL: novels and the award-winning documentary CHOSIN.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Private First Class Billy French, fresh out of high school, is one of 5,000 PL: Marines sent to war without going to bootcamp. While delivering mail to the PL: grunts of Fox Company, French is trapped in a massive surprise attack PL: launched by the Communist Chinese Army. Facing total annihilation, French PL: must prove his mettle when the company's position is overrun by hordes of PL: enemy troops.  BY: Brian Iglesias  
 MV: Contract: Redemption (2014)  PL: When the World's deadliest hit-man is outmaneuvered by his younger clone, PL: Mark 2, he finds himself unable to protect the only two people he has ever PL: cared for. The agency, deeming the hit-man as a threat, sends a PL: never-ending barrage of assassins led by his younger more agile self to PL: eliminate him. Faced with this threat, the hit-man must undertake the most PL: serious mission of his career: to rescue a young girl from the Agency and PL: from a life as a hit-man. The young, teenage girl is a victim of the PL: agency's genetic experimentation program designed to create perfect PL: assassins. Now back in agency hands thanks to, Mark 2, the innocent young PL: girl is forced into a brutal assassin indoctrination program. If the PL: hit-man cannot find her in time, she risks being primed to become the PL: agency's new premiere contract killer. Though the hit-man has lost hope for PL: his own redemption, he has found a sense of purpose in the rescue of the PL: young girl. Along his journey he realizes Mark 2 is also a victim of the PL: agency's sins. He knows that he must save the girl from the life of a PL: hit-man and to find redemption for himself, he must save Mark 2's soul.  BY: Jeremy Andrew Davis  
 MV: Cuban Fury (2014)  PL: 1987: A 13 year old natural born dancer with fire in his heels and snakes PL: in his hips is working himself up to explode all over the UK Junior Salsa PL: Championships. But then: a freakish bullying incident on the mean streets PL: of London robs him of his confidence, and our young hero finds his life PL: diverted down a very different path. So it is that 22 years later, an adult PL: Bruce Garrett (Nick Frost) finds himself out-of-shape and unloved - trapped PL: in a downward spiral of self-pity, repression and Nando's take-outs. Only PL: Julia (Rashida Jones), his smart, funny, gorgeous new American boss, gives PL: him reason to live. But she's untouchable. Out of his league, so he PL: imagines, with her perfect smile and perfect life. Unknown to Bruce PL: however, Julia has issues all of her own. Luckily for him, she also has a PL: secret passion. Then there's Drew (Chris O'Dowd), his alpha male colleague PL: and horny king-monkey of the office. With Drew making no secret of his PL: desire to get (his words) "all up inside Julia", Bruce is forced into PL: action. And thus, Bruce is once again brought face-to-face with the darkest PL: and most powerful of his inner demons. Somehow, someway, and with a lot of PL: hand-holding from loyal sister Sam (Olivia Colman) Bruce must learn how to PL: unshackle his dancing beast, regain his long lost fury and claim the love PL: of his life...and he's going to do it all On The Dance Floor...  BY: StudioCanal  
 MV: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes (2014)  PL: A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by PL: a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade PL: earlier. They reach a fragile peace, but it proves short-lived, as both PL: sides are brought to the brink of a war that will determine who will emerge PL: as Earth's dominant species.  BY: Twentieth Century Fox  PL: Some years after his escape from captivity Caesar heads a vast colony of PL: apes and chimps living a self-sufficient life in the woods outside San PL: Francisco. In the city itself a depleted group of Simian Flu survivors PL: struggle to exist, their best hope being to revitalise a hydro-electric dam PL: which will restore their power. However to reach it they must pass through PL: Caesar's domain. Group leader Malcolm and Caesar have a mutual respect PL: which allows the restoration to take place but Caesar's embittered PL: lieutenant Koba, a victim of animal experimentation, has no such faith in PL: humans and usurps Caesar, leading a full-scale attack on the city, most of PL: whose inhabitants regard the apes as savages and a fierce battle takes PL: place. It is down to Caesar and Malcolm to join the voices of reason PL: together to re-establish a peace which will benefit both camps.  BY: don @ minifie-1  PL: 10 years after the events of "Rise", Caesar remains happy in peace being PL: the leader of an ape armada. Now sure that the humans are no more on Planet PL: Earth due to the Simian flu the humans have passed on. Then they are proved PL: wrong when a small group of humans encounter the apes in the forest. Caesar PL: attempts to make peace with them only if they follow the rules. But Koba, PL: one of the apes makes an attempt to kill the group of humans. This act of PL: treason alerts an entire army of human survivors and the war for peace PL: begins. But this is the question that all are asking: Will the humans reign PL: supreme or the apes?  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Devil's Mile (2014)  PL: A relentlessly-paced hybrid of gritty crime thriller and Lovecraftian PL: supernatural horror, The Devil's Mile follows a trio of kidnappers who take PL: an ill-advised detour en route to deliver their hostages - two teenage PL: girls - to their mysterious and powerful employer. When they accidentally PL: kill one of the girls during a botched escape attempt, their simmering PL: mistrust explodes into shocking violence. But what they thought was their PL: worst case scenario is only the beginning, as they are engulfed by the PL: hellish forces that haunt the road - a road they realize they may never PL: escape. Now captors and captive must fight together to escape the monstrous PL: forces pursuing them and somehow survive... THE DEVIL'S MILE.  BY: The Devil's Mile  PL: A relentlessly-paced hybrid of gritty crime thriller and Lovecraftian PL: supernatural horror. A trio of kidnappers take an ill-advised detour en PL: route to deliver their hostages -- two teenage girls -- to their mysterious PL: and powerful employer. When they accidentally kill one of the girls during PL: a botched escape attempt, their simmering mistrust explodes into shocking PL: violence. But what they thought was their worst case scenario is only the PL: beginning when their deceased hostage returns from the dead as a PL: terrifying, rage-filled demon, resurrected by the hellish forces that haunt PL: the road -- a road they realize they cannot get off of. Now captors and PL: captive must fight together to escape the monstrous creature pursuing them PL: and somehow survive the horror of DEVIL'S MILE.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Divergent (2014)  PL: Set in a futuristic dystopia where society is divided into five factions PL: that each represent a different virtue, teenagers have to decide if they PL: want to stay in their faction or switch to another - for the rest of their PL: lives. Tris Prior makes a choice that surprises everyone. Then Tris and her PL: fellow faction-members have to live through a highly competitive initiation PL: process to live out the choice they have made. They must undergo extreme PL: physical and intense psychological tests, that transform them all. But Tris PL: has a secret that she is Divergent, which means she doesn't fit into any PL: one group. If anyone knew, it would mean a certain death. As she discovers PL: a growing conflict that threatens to unravel her seemingly peaceful PL: society, this secret might help her save the people she loves... or it PL: might destroy her.  BY: anonymous  PL: In a futuristic Chicago, society is divided into 5 factions. Abnegation the PL: selfless, Dauntless the brave, Erudite the intelligent, Candor the honest, PL: and Amity the peaceful. When all teenagers reach the age of 16, they must PL: choose to either stay in their faction of birth, or transfer into another PL: faction. Beatrice Prior must make the decision to stay with her family in a PL: faction she feels she isn't right for, or to transfer into another faction, PL: and leave her family behind. What follows is a highly competitive PL: initiation, where the newly renamed Tris must make some tough decisions, PL: but she must also keep a secret that she was warned could mean death, while PL: she juggles friends, initiation, and a newfound love interest. But there is PL: a secret lying beneath everything that threatens to tear the city apart.  BY: labelma  PL: In a world divided by factions based on virtues, Tris learns she's PL: Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy PL: Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes PL: Divergents dangerous before it's too late.  BY: rkf  
 MV: Drunken Butterflies (2014)  PL: Newcastle Upon Tyne, the Twenty-Teens. Tracy Bell is having a bad day. Her PL: best friend Chloe was seeing her brother Liam until last night's party when PL: she went behind his back with another lad, Chris, the magic trick guy - at PL: least that's what Tracy heard. She heard it from Sarah and Becca and God PL: knows if those two can be believed, the two of them constantly bitching, PL: Sarah looking for any opportunity to snatch Tracy's crown as Byker's queen PL: bee. The only thing for it is to head to town and find Chloe somewhere in PL: the shops and Saturday buzz and ask her straight out. Across town Chloe is PL: running scared and trying to reconnect with old friends, Isla and Nicky, PL: shyer and a lot less fun than Tracy and the gang she's been hanging with PL: lately, but friends all the same. While Chloe and her friends set out in PL: earnest to readjust to their old routines, Tracy picks up some unwanted PL: attention she can't shake, and the stage is set for a life-changing day in PL: the city, all heading towards the Saturday night party to end them all. PL: Drunken Butterflies is a new feature drama following the interconnected PL: lives and thoughts of eight Newcastle teens through one Saturday in the PL: city.  BY: Garry Sykes  PL: Newcastle Upon Tyne, the Twenty-Teens. Tracy Bell, queen bee of Byker, is PL: having a bad day. Her new best friend Chloe was seeing her brother Liam PL: until she went behind his back last night with another lad - at least PL: that's what Tracy heard from Sarah and Becca and God knows if those little PL: bitches can be trusted. Across town Chloe's running scared into the arms of PL: old friends, Isla and Nicky: shy, quiet, stay-in-on-a-night types, but PL: mates all the same, in dire need of a bad influence. Today all six girls PL: are off into town on a summertime collision course, the stage set for a PL: life-changing day in the city, all building towards the Saturday night PL: party to end them all.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Edge of Tomorrow (2014)  PL: An alien race has hit the Earth in an unrelenting assault, unbeatable by PL: any military unit in the world. Major William Cage (Cruise) is an officer PL: who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously dropped into PL: what amounts to a suicide mission. Killed within minutes, Cage now finds PL: himself inexplicably thrown into a time loop-forcing him to live out the PL: same brutal combat over and over, fighting and dying again...and again. But PL: with each battle, Cage becomes able to engage the adversaries with PL: increasing skill, alongside Special Forces warrior Rita Vrataski (Blunt). PL: And, as Cage and Vrataski take the fight to the aliens, each repeated PL: encounter gets them one step closer to defeating the enemy.  BY: Warner Bros. Pictures  PL: The planet is invaded by aliens called Mimics. They have almost devastated PL: the planet. But when they win a battle at Verdun, the Earth forces believe PL: they have a chance at victory. So a major op is planned, and all soldiers PL: are called in. William Cage, a Major in the Army who never saw any combat PL: is asked to join. But refuses and even threatens his CO who in turn strips PL: him of his rank and sends him to join a unit. They think that victory is in PL: their grasp but the Mimics attack them before they could, killing them all. PL: Cage manages to kill one of them before he dies but wakes up the day PL: before. He tries to tell everyone what he knows but they don't believe him PL: and when he dies he wakes up the day before again. He keeps on trying to PL: warn them but to no avail. He notices Rita Vrataski, the hero of Verdun and PL: tries to tell her what's happening to him. She tells him to see her when he PL: wakes up, which he does. She tells him that the reason they won at Verdun PL: is because the same thing happened to her. She killed a Mimic and it's PL: blood entered her body and she would relive the day before and used her PL: experience to beat the Mimics. Along with a scientist, they tell Cage that PL: the Mimics are being led by something they call the Omega and the one he PL: killed whose blood entered his body is what they call an Alpha who can PL: relive the day when killed. They believe if they can locate the Omega and PL: kill it they can beat the Mimics once and for all. So they tell Cage that PL: the Alpha has some kind of link to the Omega so they believe Cage can see PL: where the Omega is. But Vrataski lost the ability before she could find the PL: Omega. Eventually Cage thinks he knows where the Omega is but to get to the PL: Omega they have to survive the battle wherein they were all killed but no PL: matter how much Cage warns her they always get killed. So they have to find PL: another way to get to the Omega. Vrataski also warns Cage that if he gets PL: wounded that he should kill himself because if he's wounded and gets a PL: blood transfusion, he will lose the ability to relive the day, because PL: that's what happened to Vrataski.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: When an alien race called Mimics invades and destroys Europe, London is the PL: last resistance in the Old Continent. General Brigham plans an attack to PL: France expecting to defeat the Mimics and orders Major William Cage, who is PL: an American public relation officer, to cover the invasion. However Cage PL: does not accept the assignment and threatens General Brigham to expose the PL: casualties. He is arrested, accused of deserter, lowered to private and PL: assigned to fight in the invasion under the command of the tough Sergeant PL: Farell in the Heathrow Base. Humans are slaughtered in the invasion and PL: Cage kills a Mimic and is sprayed by his blood; in less than five minutes PL: combat, Cage dies. Surprisingly he awakes in the Heathrow Base and relives PL: the same day over and over after dieing. Each time, Cage tries to fix the PL: deaths of his squad and he meets Sergeant Rita Vrataski that asks him to PL: find her when he awakes in the base. Rita brings Cage to meet Dr. Carter PL: that explains to him that he killed an Alfa and his blood has given the PL: ability to reset time. Further, the last hope of earth is the destruction PL: of the Mimic leader called Omega that is hidden. Will Cage and Rita succeed PL: in their solitary mission?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Falconman (2014)  PL: The superhero Falconman leads the Falcon Force a group of beauties and PL: combat falcons to protect a secretly corruptive Asian tycoon till they PL: discover his true identity. An action packed adventure of wingsuit combats, PL: falconry and topmodels.  BY: Michel Adam  PL: Following Superman, Spiderman and Batman... the time has come for a new PL: superhero...Falcon Man. Falcon Man, Graf Horus of Falconstone, is of PL: aristocratic descendant from a medieval falcon breeding and stiletto PL: martial arts family. Having his face disfigured in an accident at a young PL: age he always wears a falcon mask. He is a modern expert in wing suits, PL: extreme sports, falconry and martial arts, in tandem with 5 falcon force PL: beauties, and a squadron of combat falcons led by the capricious DIVA an PL: ultra-intelligent white falcon. An action adventure, where the Falcon Force PL: liberates beauties, innocent civilians from villains, set out to cheat PL: millions through rigging of Grand Prix car races, soccer, tennis, boxing PL: and sports betting through corruption. A behind the scenes of the Jetset PL: modern world of luxury and corruption... ...First sequel deals with PL: corruption in Grand Prix car race...  BY: Michel Adam  
 MV: Fight to the Finish (2014)  PL: Sean McGill is a young man who loves the art of fighting and what it means. PL: He's ready to move out on his own after living with his parents and saving PL: up from numerous jobs. His morals about fighting are put to the challenge PL: when his neighbor Melissa is attacked by her boyfriend Gage. He steps in to PL: save her, out of this comes an unwanted fight. Sean goes against everything PL: he believes. His mother is very protective and disapproves of his fighting. PL: It upsets him, but this doesn't stop him. His father, a former Champ, is PL: easy going about Sean fighting, but constantly telling him of the good and PL: bad results. His little brother Jake looks up to him and depends on Sean PL: for understanding. When he thinks it's over and done, he continues to have PL: confrontations with Gage. His mom continues to hate what he does, after the PL: first fight with Gage. Sean briefly reminds himself of what he was taught PL: by his master. Gage anger gets the best of him, and wants to settle it by PL: fighting Sean at the Fight Future Event, an idea from his friend Max. While PL: this is brewing, Sean and his neighbor Melissa flirt at the idea of getting PL: together, but Melissa fights and holds back. His friend Bill supports Sean PL: in everything he does. He also leans on him because things are not going PL: well in his life. Now after a fight at Sean's house warming party, sets him PL: on a course to fight Gage, while this is happening, his family is falling PL: apart, and everything he's learned to avoid has now came full circle. At PL: last Gage gets Sean in the ring to settle the score once and for all. Sean PL: accepts and proves to Gage what fighting really means.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Flexx (????)  PL: It is the year 2014. The CIA's most elite task force, R.O.S.A. (Recon PL: Operations Surveillance Agency), has been tracking one of its finest PL: agents, Troy Emerson. He is believed to have been responsible for the PL: assassination of his alleged love interest, Michelle Banks, in 2009. Agent PL: Emerson has been on the run from his former agency for the past five years PL: and is a suspected member of the rogue fraternity, known only as "FLEXX." PL: His relentless search for Michelle's real murderer and his desire to unveil PL: the agents of FLEXX has driven him to the brink of insanity. To make PL: matters more complicated, Troy is also being hunted by one of Russia's most PL: feared Mafia Leaders, Vladimir Balakirev. Vladimir has come to the States PL: to avenge his partner, Dermetri, who was killed by Troy's mother, Selena PL: Emerson, during her active duty at R.O.S.A. Working at R.O.S.A. runs in the PL: family, and Troy's relatives have sustained a remarkable legacy within the PL: world's most powerful Agency. However, every R.O.S.A. agent in his family PL: has been assassinated by FLEXX agents. Will this be Troy's fate too, or PL: will he find out just who is behind the assassinations? Troy does know one PL: thing for sure, the only government agents that have the tactical support PL: to orchestrate executions of such elite operatives like his mother and his PL: alleged girl friend, must be part of the very agency he used to work for - PL: R.O.S.A. Are corrupt R.O.S.A. agents really the FLEXX members that killed PL: his loved ones? Or are Vladimir and his team responsible for the horrible PL: murders? Who. Is. The. FLEXX ?  BY: Gray Ellis  
 MV: Fury: The Tales of Ronan Pierce (2014)  PL: Ronan Pierce is a vigilante cop with one thing on his mind, revenge. When PL: his past comes back to haunt him in the form of a former friend Damien PL: Logan, now human trafficking kingpin, Ronan must fight his way through the PL: deadly streets of Harbor City and all the scum bags in his way to find his PL: kidnapped ex wife. With the help of a former circus clown Karina McCoy, PL: Ronan will paint the town red in this action packed comic book style PL: adventure.  BY: anonymous  PL: Inspired by our favorite dark & twisted graphic novels, FURY revolves PL: around vigilante cop Ronan Pierce. He is fueled by a tragic past, and the PL: recent abduction of his wife McKenzie has Ronan's appetite for vengeance PL: completely unbounded. Relentlessly searching for clues, Ronan PL: systematically unchains his rage on a city full of psychopaths, gangs, PL: corruption and the unrivaled evil-doings of the Luna Cartel. Responsible PL: for both his daughter's death and his wife's abduction, the Luna Cartel PL: enslaves thousands of young beautiful women from around the world and PL: harvests organs from all of it's other victims. Joined by his partner Rex PL: and a young circus clown named Karina, Ronan 'paints the town red' in his PL: search for bloody justice.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: G.O.D.Tech (2014)  PL: The G.O.D.TECH setting is in a near-future fictional universe which is a PL: post-apocalyptic Earth in the year 2029. All nations are ruled by the World PL: Parliament which promotes the idea of a united world of peace and PL: prosperity. However everything is not as idealistic as it appears as this PL: society is controlled and monitored by micro-chipped implants created by PL: the Free American Technological Human Extension Research Institution (or PL: FATHER Institute). These cybernetic implants provide a means for PL: identification, all trade and communication between all people and races on PL: the planet. Although these chip implants are mandatory by law, there are PL: those who have refused to accept them and those who do refuse are PL: automatically branded as 'anti-peace terrorists' and are hunted down and PL: forced to either accept chip implantation or they will be removed from PL: society in whatever way is decided at the time. These so called terrorists PL: have a worthy fear of being implanted as many of them are aware that PL: beneath the wholesome and trustworthy public face of the FATHER Institute PL: is a dark and unholy core with the ultimate aim of controlling all the PL: peoples of the world and turning them away from the one true God with false PL: promises of power, wealth and prosperity. The terrorists, often being PL: followers of God, live on the fringe of society surviving on their wit and PL: faith. God has granted his army of righteousness spiritual gifts to aid in PL: their continual fight against persecution and corruption of the FATHER PL: Institute.  BY: Jason Thornton  
 MV: Gathering of Heroes: Legend of the Seven Swords (2014)  PL: In the mystical realm of Ryntia, the forces of the underworld are aligning PL: to unleash a plague of evil upon the surface. The deadly bat-like Blood PL: Reavers, the Saurian Maurauders, the Orcish Warmongers and the feline PL: Shadow-cat mercenaries have pledged their respective clans to the service PL: of Bre'Gwen, queen of the deep elves. Together they seek to destroy the PL: human and Elven kingdoms and rule all of Ryntia in the name of evil. But PL: even with their combined strength, Bre'Gwen's forces are no match for the PL: powerful Grayraven kingdom led by the majestic king, Garrick Grayraven. To PL: ensure their success, Bre'gwen forges an alliance with an unlikely human PL: who holds the secret to acquiring a powerful artifact that will allow them PL: to summon and control an army of undead warriors from centuries past. PL: Guided by fragmented visions, a mysterious Oracle gathers seven unlikely PL: heroes to face the threat. A heroic knight, a deep elf sorceress, an PL: eccentric bard, a silver elf druid, a righteous paladin, a barbarian PL: huntress, and a brooding thief are the only ones capable of stopping this PL: evil at its source...but first they must embark upon a quest to find the PL: legendary seven swords of Draconus.  BY: Mark Steven Grove  
 MV: Godzilla (2014)  PL: In 1999, the Janjira nuclear plant was mysteriously destroyed with most PL: hands lost including supervisor Joe Brody's colleague and wife, Sandra. PL: Years later, Joe's son, Ford, a US Navy ordnance disposal officer, must go PL: to Japan to help his estranged father who obsessively searches for the PL: truth of the incident. In doing so, father and son discover the disaster's PL: secret cause on the wreck's very grounds. This enables them to witness the PL: reawakening of a terrible threat to all of Humanity, which is made all the PL: worse with a second secret revival elsewhere. Against this cataclysm, the PL: only hope for the world may be Godzilla, but the challenge for the King of PL: the Monsters will be great even as Humanity struggles to understand the PL: destructive ally they have.  BY: Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)  PL: In 1999, in Japan, there is a mysterious accident with the reactors of the PL: Janjira nuclear power plant and the engineer Joe Brody loses his wife PL: Sandra Brody and her team that were inspecting the reactor. Joe never PL: accepts the official explanation for the accident. Fifteen years later, his PL: son, the US Navy Officer Ford Brody, learns that Joe has trespassed in PL: Janjira quarantine area and is arrested in Japan. He travels to Japan to PL: release his father and they go to the Janjira facility area to retrieve PL: Joe's data and pictures. Soon they discover the truth about the accident, PL: caused by a "Massive Unidentified Terrestrial Organism" ("MUTO") that eats PL: radiation trapped underground. The MUTO escapes from the secret facility to PL: Honolulu killing Joe. Godzilla is also awakened, causes a tsunami in Hawaii PL: and fights against the MUTO destroying Honolulu. Meanwhile a female MUTO PL: escapes from the Nevada nuclear waste facility and destroys Las Vegas, PL: heading to breed with the first MUTO in San Francisco. Now the last hope on PL: Earth is Godzilla fighting and destroying the MUTO's.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Goli Soda (2014)  PL: The story is set in the famous Koyambedu market in Chennai. The movie talks PL: about four adolescent boys (Pasanga team of Kishore, Sree Raam, Pandi and PL: Murugesh) whose life revolves around the wholesale vegetable and fruit PL: market, situated in Chennai, the largest of its kind in Asia. They are PL: orphans who grew up around the market with strange and weird names like PL: Chittapa, Kuttimani, Puli and Setu. Their world revolves only around this PL: market; they do not have any other identity. The boys are mentored by PL: Aatchi (Sujatha), a wholesale vegetable vendor who is like a mother to PL: them. The market is controlled by Naidu alias NKB who calls the shots with PL: an iron fist. One day the boys fall foul of NKB, and things turn ugly.  BY: Sam Prabhakaran  PL: The story revolves around four boys working as coolies in Koyambedu market PL: with no particular identity for themselves. Though they live in harmony PL: with their job while having a fair share of fun and flirting with girls, PL: they realize the need to make it big to lead a better life. With the PL: goodwill of Aachi, their godmother and the help of market leader NKB, they PL: set up a restaurant which gets them the identity they craved for. PL: Unexpected turn of events push the boys the brink of failure and their PL: fight to regain their identity forms the crux of the story.  BY: PipingHotViews  
 MV: Graceling (2014)  PL: "Graceling" centers around a young woman who lives in a world where select PL: people born with an extreme skill - called a Grace - are feared and PL: exploited. She carries the burden of the Grace of killing and, as the PL: king's niece, is forced to do his dirty work.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Katsa has been able to kill a man with her bare hands since she was PL: eight-she's a Graceling, one of the rare people in her land born with an PL: extreme skill. As niece of the king, she should be able to live a life of PL: privilege, but Graced as she is with killing, she is forced to execute the PL: king's dirty work. Graceling is the story of Katsa, a young warrior and her PL: journey to self discovery.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Throughout the Seven Kingdoms some people are born with what is known as a PL: Grace. Those who are Graced are exceptionally skilled but each unique and PL: specialized; some can swim like a fish while others can run faster than PL: anyone else. Katsa, niece of King Randa of the Middluns, was born with the PL: Grace of killing. She killed her first time at age 8 and since then has PL: been trained as Randa's own special weapon. Disgusted by the acts she is PL: forced to commit and her growing reputation as a monster, Katsa works in PL: secret with a handful of trusted friends to spare the innocent citizens PL: from the wrath of the many corrupt kings of the Seven Kingdoms. One mission PL: leads her to rescue an old man, Grandfather of the Lienid Royal family, and PL: it sets the course for change for Katsa. She teams up with one of the PL: Lienid princes and begins to unravel a deep and unsettling mystery about PL: one of the Kingdoms.  BY: Samantha the Escapist  
 MV: Haima (2014)  PL: "Haima" is a feature-length film that is set in Orlando, Florida. It's a PL: fast paced, dark and gritty tale about a young woman, Haima - the PL: protagonist, who has a lot of unanswered questions about her past. Haima PL: embarks on a journey to discovery the truth about her tragic childhood. PL: While searching for answers about her mother's murder, her life changes PL: dramatically when Richard Leath and his cohorts goes after her for what she PL: discovered - a small wooden box filled with secrets of the past. Richard PL: and his band of misfits are low level criminal that knocked over PL: Congressman Kellis' safe. They are sort after by Henry Brennan, a retired PL: detective hired by the congressman to return his property. The story takes PL: an interesting turn when Richard and his crew are surprised to learn about PL: the missing box. The chatter about the mysterious box triggers Richard's PL: curiosity. He turns his attention to the person who told him about the safe PL: job; Haima, his former lover. While trying to locate and recover the box, PL: Chet Blackburn, a man in Richard's circle. He is a raging psychopath and PL: pathological rapist with major woman issues. He gave Haima a dirty, PL: inelegant beating which left her with a crippling case of amnesia. As Haima PL: struggles to regain her memory and identity, she has a new and dangerous PL: life thrust upon her.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: How to Train Your Dragon 2 (2014)  PL: It's been five years since Hiccup and Toothless successfully united dragons PL: and vikings on the island of Berk. While Astrid, Snotlout and the rest of PL: the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new PL: favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the PL: skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of PL: their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home PL: to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two PL: friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. PL: Now, Hiccup and Toothless must unite to stand up for what they believe PL: while recognizing that only together do they have the power to change the PL: future of both men and dragons.  BY: Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation  PL: Five years after Hiccup unified the dragons and the vikings together, they PL: face a new enemy, Drago. A man who is starting a war with dragons to rule PL: the whole world once and for all. When Stoick would rather lock up and stay PL: away from him, Hiccup wants to reason with him like he did with his dad. PL: While Hiccup is traveling away from Berk, he comes across his lost long PL: mother, who has been riding the dragons way before he has. Does Hiccup have PL: what it takes to take on Drago and his army of dragons and will he unite PL: the two nations once and for all?  BY: James Hake  
 MV: I Thought You Were a Nice Man (2014)  PL: Twenty years ago, a 6 year old girl (Tomasa Played by Tempast Wulf) is PL: dying of Cancer. She is visited by a strange dark woman who cuts her finger PL: and lets the little girl suck blood from her finger. Within a week, much to PL: her doctor's amazement, the little girl recovers from terminal cancer. That PL: same night, a 7 year old boy is riding his bicycle on a rain slick street, PL: as he rounds a curve he loses control and crashes head on into an on coming PL: car. As he lies there bleeding to death on the pavement, he too, is visited PL: by the same strange woman who asks him a simple question: "Do you want to PL: live?" When the boy answers yes, she cuts her wrist and lets her blood drip PL: into his mouth. The next day the boy walks out of the hospital. TODAY: The PL: little girl is a beautiful young woman who cannot sleep at night or stay PL: awake in the daytime. She is haunted by dreams of a mysterious lover that PL: comes to her during the day sleep. Since she cannot sleep at night, she PL: does what she loves the most and that is to go out dancing. At a Night-Club PL: called the "Lighthouse" she meets what she thinks is a "Nice Man." But, PL: later that night at his house she discovers he is a serial killer when he PL: pulls a knife on her and attempts to kill her. In the end the monster PL: within Tomasa Manifest itself and she kills the so called "Nice-Man." PL: Fortunately, Tomasa is surrounded by a loving family that hide and protects PL: her in the aftermath of this turn of events. But, it is Tomasa who must PL: come to terms with herself after using powers she vowed she would never use PL: to harm another person.  BY: Screenwriter Carlos Dunn  
 MV: Island of Witches (2014)  PL: Ancient Rome, where a cursed coven of witches seeks to destroy mankind. PL: When they are trapped by the forces of good, the curse doesn't die, it only PL: lies in wait... In the present day, a skeptical archaeologist (Marcus Rush) PL: has been on a quest to find evidence of the supernatural so he can use PL: modern technology to analyze and debunk it. His search has depleted his PL: life savings, and made him a laughing stock in academic society. But he has PL: finally found hard evidence giving him the location of an island where he PL: will find a centuries-old, dead-and-buried coven of witches. Before he can PL: even leave for the island, devious individuals who want the witches' PL: remains for themselves try to stop him. Marcus cons a group of hard-core PL: mercenaries into joining him for protection, with promises of an easy gig PL: and easy money. Not long after arriving, Marcus and his team are assaulted PL: by a group of soldiers intent on getting to the witches first. The action PL: builds through firefights all over the island, followed by an even more PL: disturbing revelation - have the witches been revived?  BY: Ray Eddy  PL: In Ancient Rome, a cursed coven of witches seeks to destroy mankind. When PL: they are trapped on an island by the forces of good, the curse doesn't die, PL: it only lies in wait... In the present day, a skeptical archaeologist has PL: been on a quest to find evidence of the supernatural, and he has finally PL: found the location of the island. Not long after arriving, he and his team PL: are assaulted by a group of soldiers intent on getting to the witches PL: first. The action builds through firefights all over the island, followed PL: by an even more disturbing revelation - have the witches been revived?  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: JLA Adventures: Trapped in Time (2014) (V)  PL: The Legion of Doom are attempting to use space satellites to freeze the PL: Earth's oceans, creating more land mass at the coastal regions for which PL: they own. The JLA quickly arrive and the two teams engage in a classic PL: battle of wills. This clash leads to Lex Luthor becoming trapped in a PL: glacier of ice. In the 31st century Legion of Superheroes trainees; PL: Dawnstar and Karate Kid are tasked with minding the Legion's museum. Their PL: tour leads them to Lex Luthor's memorial; his body still encased in a large PL: chuck of ice discovered in the 29th century. Karate Kid Inadvertently frees PL: Luthor who secretly explores the museum himself, and soon uncovers the PL: shrine to his greatest nemesis Superman. There he learns of the Kent's PL: involvement in Kal-El's discovery. Luthor following the voices of Dawnstar PL: and Karate Kid takes possession of an hourglass which holds the Time PL: Trapper within. Whoever holds the hourglass controls this entity who is the PL: master of time. Luthor returns to the 21st century, but not without the PL: young Legionaries close behind. The Legion of Doom regroups with a new plan PL: in place; they will prevent the Kent's from ever raising Kal-El, and with PL: no Superman the JLA will cease to exist as well. The JLA arrive but PL: Luthor's efforts prove to be successful, and the Time Trapper causes the PL: time paradoxes to vanish from this reality. Now it's up to Dawnstar and PL: Karate Kid to stop Luthor's plans for worldwide dominance. They find a PL: loophole freeing the Time Trapper from Luthor's control, but now nothing is PL: preventing him from wrecking chaos throughout reality. The JLA return, but PL: well their power combined with Dawnstar and Karate Kid prove to be enough PL: to stop this new menace, or has our time just run out?  BY: Written by Nolan Hubbard<nohvarrmarvel1@gmail.com>  
 MV: Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit (2014)  PL: A new version of the saga of CIA analyst, Jack Ryan. It begins when Ryan PL: was attending the London School of Economics; and 9/11 happened. He would PL: then enlist in the Marines and would go to Afghanistan. The chopper he was PL: on would get shot down and he would suffer severe injuries that would PL: require intense rehab. While there, he grabs the attention of a man named PL: Harper, who works for the CIA and would like him to finish his studies and PL: get a job on Wall Street so he can find out of any terrorist plot through PL: their finances. A few years later, Ryan finds anomalies in the accounts of PL: a Russian named Cherevin. Jack thinks he should go to Russia to find out PL: what's going on. Jack was told not to tell anyone who he is and that PL: includes his girl friend Cathy. But she catches Jack in some lies which PL: makes her doubt him. Jack goes to Russia and Cherevin assigns him someone PL: to take care of him. But when they're alone the man tries to kill Jack. So PL: Jack kills him. Obvious Cherevin is hiding something so Jack goes to meet PL: him, and he says he will bring his fianc along. But Cathy shows up and PL: Jack has to tell her the truth. Harper says Cathy has to go with Jack when PL: she meets Cherevin. Jack doesn't want her to but Cathy says she's going. So PL: the action begins that leads to the climax...  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  
 MV: Jogo de Xadrez (2014)  PL: Mina, Beth and Martona are locked in Talavera Bruce Penintentiary, in Rio PL: de Janeiro. Mina is the brain of the group, Beth is the impulsive one, and PL: Martona is pure muscle. Mina controls the jail by selling drugs and goods, PL: smuggled in by her sister, Jullienne. Mina is doing time for social PL: security fraud, involving Senator Franco. The Senator thinks that she could PL: snitch him to the authorities. So, he decided to bribe the warden to put an PL: end to her life. But she is strong and smart, and the attempts against her PL: are in vain. Now, it started a game of challenges and fight over power PL: inside the pen, which the strongest and smarter will succeed.  BY: Luis Antonio Pereira  PL: Mina, Beth and Martona are locked in Talavera Bruce Penitentiary, in Rio de PL: Janeiro. Mina (Priscila Fantin) is the brain of the group, Beth is the PL: impulsive one, and Martona is pure muscle. Mina controls the jail by PL: selling drugs and goods, smuggled in by her sister, Jullienne . Mina is PL: doing time for social security fraud, involving Senator Franco. The Senator PL: thinks that she could snitch him to the authorities. So, he decided to PL: bribe the warden to put an end to her life. But she is strong and smart, PL: and the attempts against her are in vain. Now, it started a game of PL: challenges and fight over power inside the pen, which the strongest and PL: smarter will succeed.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Kamikaze (2014/I)  PL: Evan Reed is an ex M.I.6 agent who has become a mercenary for hire. Evan is PL: hired by Cabinet Minister David Markham to steal files containing PL: incriminating evidence linking the MP with weapons contractors. After the PL: mission Markham loses his nerve and orders the kidnap of Evan's pregnant PL: girlfriend Jess. Evan is forced to fight his way through agents, thugs and PL: a small mercenary army to rescue Jess. With the odds stacked against him PL: and Markham's top assassin Gabe hot on his trail, can Evan defeat him and PL: rescue his girlfriend in time?  BY: Gemma Harry  PL: A modern film that pays homage to the 80s era of action movies. The film is PL: inspired by the great action movies of Jackie Chan, Sylvester Stallone, PL: Arnold Schwarzenegger and Bruce Willis. It's a fast paced action movie, PL: with bits of humor along the way. Evan Reed is an ex M.I.6 agent who has PL: become a mercenary for hire. Evan is hired by Cabinet Minister David PL: Markham, to steal files containing incriminating evidence linking the MP to PL: weapons contractors. After the mission Markham loses his nerve and orders PL: the kidnap of Evan's pregnant girlfriend Jess. Evan is forced to fight his PL: way through agents, thugs and a small mercenary army to rescue Jess. With PL: the odds stacked against him and Markham's top assassin, Gabe hot on his PL: trail, can Evan defeat him and rescue his girlfriend in time?  BY: By Gemma Harry  
 MV: Katherine (2014/I)  PL: "Carlos Dunn's Katherine" is the story of five beautiful young woman on the PL: run from Brutal sadistic mercenary style serial Killers. Played by (Michael PL: Heggedus and Christa Johnston) After the deaths of three of the girls PL: played by (Tempast Wulf, Ashleigh Morghan and Heather Casey) Katherine PL: (Tina Grimm) becomes the serial killer's next target. Katherine has only PL: one friend in the world, a Bartender (Denny Castiglione). One evening a PL: young man (Andrew Schaefer) comes into the bar,orders a shot of whiskey and PL: announces that his wife just left him and he is going to drink up all of PL: his money. Katherine sits beside him and they begin a conversation. Later PL: that night in Katherine's apartment they both discover how much they have PL: in common and how much they enjoy each other's company. The next evening as PL: they are leaving Katherine's apartment on their first date they are almost PL: killed when a Shotgun blast from a passing car narrowly misses them. John PL: demands to know what is going on and Katherine must make a decision to PL: trust her new boyfriend with her dark secret. As they escape death together PL: several times Katherine discovers that she is not the only one with dark PL: secrets when John introduces Katherine to Sandra (Mel Heflin) a dangerous, PL: blind, mutilated psychic vampire. John and Katherine leave Sandra's house PL: more determined than ever to stay alive. There will be non-stop action, and PL: knock-down drag out fight scenes all leading to a an ultimate confrontation PL: between good and evil. But which side is which?  BY: Screenwriter: Carlos Dunn  
 MV: Katherine of Alexandria (2014)  PL: Katherine of Alexandria, brought up as a nomad and living in the desert, PL: was aged just 11 when Emperor Maxentius saw her whilst out on patrol. PL: Consumed by her beauty, impudence and uncanny talent for languages, he PL: abducted the child, killing her family. The slaughter was witnessed by her PL: young friend, Constantine, who would later become Emperor of the Western PL: Roman Empire. He never lost hope of finding Katherine. As a young woman, PL: Katherine refused to submit to Maxentius' offers of marriage and she PL: continually denounced his brutal enforcement of pagan religion upon the PL: masses. Still obsessed with her beauty, Maxentius brought Katherine before PL: 50 of Rome's finest scholars in an open court in Alexandria, where she PL: eloquently demolished their arguments. When Constantine learned of PL: Katherine's whereabouts and imprisonment at the hands of Maxentius, he led PL: his army from York in a desperate bid to save her.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Hoping to find his missing childhood friend, Constantine joins the Roman PL: army. What he finds instead is success in battle that propels him to PL: emperor of the Western Roman Empire. Constantine soon discovers it has been PL: his rival, Emperor Maxentius, who has imprisoned his friend within the PL: palace walls. Having been alerted to his friend's whereabouts, Constantine PL: quickly garners support from all corners of the empire, eventually leading PL: to an all-out war between east and west.  BY: Grindstone Entertainment Group, LLC.  
 MV: Kill Kapone (2014)  PL: Kill Kapone is a realistic, hyper-violent action/drama that follows gang PL: member, Kapone through the gritty alleys of East L.A. while getting chased PL: all day by his own vicious gang. The story unfolds when Kapone's parole PL: agents, Webster and Ardmore wake him up early in the day to take him in for PL: violating his parole. Unfortunately for Kapone, while escaping through one PL: of the alleys, he comes across a vindictive dope fiend who is hard up for PL: his next fix. Kapone denies him of his fix which infuriates the dope fiend. PL: To get back at Kapone, Georgie labels Kapone a snitch to his own hood. As PL: it turns out, Georgie is the one who witnesses a gruesome murder committed PL: by gang member Marcos. Marcos, the younger brother of gang leader Crow, is PL: the culprit of killing an innocent woman in the alley so Ardmore and PL: Webster pressure Georgie to come up with the name of the murderer or face a PL: jail term himself. In order to save his own ass, Georgie snitches on Marcos PL: who then gets arrested for the homicide. When Crow gets wind that Georgie PL: may have been the one who snitched on his brother, Georgie shifts the blame PL: to Kapone. This sets off a long and brutal day for Kapone who will find PL: himself running for his life while constantly getting shot at from his own PL: people. Shot caller Crow is furious at Kapone for having him "drop a dime" PL: on his little brother so he puts a "green light" on Kapone with a group of PL: young baby-faced killers. Hood prospects Sick, Fresco and Blind are given PL: the mission to whack Kapone no matter what it takes. The trio wants to move PL: up the gang's ladder so they are intent on blowing away Kapone before the PL: day's end. This makes it a "no-where-to hide" situation for Kapone. As a PL: result of the 12 action packed hours, almost a dozen people are killed in PL: the worst day for gang-related homicides in the history of East L.A.  BY: Alfredo Ramos  
 MV: Killer Legends (2014)  PL: Four timeless urban legends continue to haunt the psyche of the American PL: public. This documentary follows filmmakers Joshua Zeman and Rachel Mills PL: as they investigate the true crimes that may have spawned these urban PL: legends, while exploring how these myths evolved and why we continue to PL: believe. The documentary probes the following legends: The Candyman: The PL: film travels viewers to Houston, Texas, to explore the legend of tainted PL: candy that strikes fear in parents every Halloween. Though the legend is PL: prolific, in actuality there is only one documented case of a child dying PL: from tainted candy: 8-year-old Timothy O'Bryan. Timothy was poisoned on PL: Halloween by a real life monster who used the legend to hide his crime, PL: earning him the nickname, The Candyman. The Baby-Sitter and the Man PL: Upstairs: As the legend goes, a babysitter tormented by a twisted caller, PL: learns that the sadistic calls are coming from inside the house. While the PL: babysitter has become the go-to victim in so many of our horror films, does PL: the same hold true in real life? Tragically, the answer is yes - as our PL: filmmakers discover in the unsolved murder of Janett Christman - a PL: babysitter who was slain in Columbia, MO, in 1950. The Hookman: The PL: filmmakers investigate the "Moonlight Murders" of Texarkana that some PL: believe sparked "The Hook" urban legend of the 50s & 60s. Based upon the PL: legend of two teens lovers terrorized by a madman with a hook for a hand, PL: Killer Legends will investigate this real life case of a killer known as PL: The Phantom, who in 1946 attacked five couples parked on lovers' lanes. PL: This unsolved crime that has created its own unique urban legend in PL: Texarkana, perpetuated by a town that refuses to forget. The Killer Clown: PL: In Chicago, the filmmakers investigate the "phantom clown" scares that have PL: been spontaneously occurring since the 1980s. In cities across the globe, PL: clowns have been spotted in vans trying to snatch children. Is this just a PL: case of hysteria, manifested by fears of coulrophobia (the fear of clowns), PL: or is there something much more serious at work? Chicago's creepy clown PL: past, from John Wayne Gacy to Bozo, is explored in an attempt to answer the PL: question of how clowns became so evil, and why they continue to haunt our PL: nightmares.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Kirpaan: The Sword of Honour (2014)  PL: Kirpaan.. the sword of honour' is a family drama with various elements like PL: patriotism, loss of identity among the young generation of today, family PL: values, family honour, purpose in life, friendship and love. It is the PL: story of the personal journey of the character Beeru - a young college PL: going lad of Punjab living a carefree and purposeless life, who eventually PL: disappoints his parents and also loses the love of his life due to his PL: careless attitude. The rest of the story involves how he finds purpose in PL: his life again and realizes his own identity in the world. It is the story PL: of Beeru who from bringing disgrace to his parents finally goes on to work PL: for his family's honour. It is the fight against racism and slavery. PL: Beeru's grandfather had been a victim of racism which eventually led him to PL: murder a race supremacist and that led him to be arrested and hanged till PL: death. The grandfather died protecting the family's honour which was an PL: ancestral historical Sword. Decades later the grandson - Beeru, completely PL: purposeless and broken in life finds purpose again by securing the Sword PL: which was enclosed in a museum. This film intends to touch the heart of all PL: those youth of Punjab (and otherwise) that find themselves increasingly PL: alienated from their family, family values & culture. It is reinstating of PL: the core value that 'if you fall seven times ; get up eighth'.. that the PL: meaning of life is not to give up but to keep fighting on. This film aims PL: to connect with the young generation and that they can relate to the PL: character Beeru - with the circumstances he faces, his inner turmoil, the PL: evil he is fighting, and a positive sense of direction that he finds in PL: life again. 'Kirpaan.. the sword of honour' is a message against racism, PL: bigotry and hatred and reinstates self respect and individual identity.  BY: Karan Gupta  
 MV: Kkeut-kka-ji-gan-da (2014)  PL: Detective Go Geon-soo is having a hard day, and the following events happen PL: to him in less than 24 hours: He receives a divorce notice from his wife. PL: His mother passes away. He and his coworkers are investigated by police PL: inspectors over alleged embezzlement. Then on his way to his mother's PL: funeral, he drives recklessly and commits a fatal hit and run. He tries to PL: cover-up the accident by hiding the man's corpse in his deceased mother's PL: coffin. But someone has been watching all along, and Geon-soo gets a PL: mysterious call from a person claiming that he was the sole witness to the PL: crime, who now begins to threaten him.  BY: Anonymous  PL: On the way back from his mother's funeral, special crimes detective Gun-su PL: gets into an accident, killing a man instantly. In order to cover up his PL: crime, he hides the body inside his mother's coffin, with her inside. A few PL: days later, Gun-su's crime pops up on the police database and his partner PL: is heading up the case. Gun-su feels distressed as his partner slowly PL: uncovers more details of the accident. To make things worse, a witness to PL: the accident approaches Gun-su by threatening his life.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: La Sargento Matacho (2014)  PL: In 1948 the partisan violence whips the Colombian countryside. Liberals and PL: Conservatives face up to death. South of the country in Tolima, PL: conservative official forces brutally kill several liberal farmers, among PL: them the husband of Rosalba Velasco. The young woman, mother of a two years PL: old child, witnesses the massacre and suffers a psychic process of PL: depersonalization and turns out herself an instrument of revenge and death. PL: During one decade her actions will leave as balance an endless number of PL: police and dead civilians and she becomes target of the persecution of the PL: army, the police and the paramilitary bands of the time. The leaders of the PL: Liberal illegal armed bands, opposed to the Conservative Government, try to PL: neutralize Rosalba's excesses and recruit as a militant. The young woman PL: stands out for her courage and gains respect and admiration from his male PL: companions. She will be further known with the alias Sergeant Matacho and PL: will become a legendary personage among the incipient Colombian guerrilla PL: movement. Though a woman emotionally disturbed, she generates around her an PL: inevitable attraction and her life becomes a paradox as she gives birth to PL: several children while killing so many other around her. She dies at hands PL: of the Colombian army when she is on the verge of giving birth a son of PL: Desquite, a famous brigand of the time.  BY: from the official site of the movie (sorry, its not mine)  
 MV: Legend (2014/II)  PL: Jeetendra (Jagapati Babu) is a power hungry and cruel man from Rayalaseema PL: to whom killing comes very easy. In the process, he commits a crime and PL: learns about the most powerful and righteous family in the region. The PL: powerful and righteous family is a big joint family that has Jai Dev (Bala PL: Krishna) who fights for the people.  BY: sriram  PL: Krishna (Balakrishna) lives in Dubai, while his family is in India. His PL: grandmother is against him settling in India. Krishna falls for Sneha PL: (Sonal Chauhan) and comes to India to seek the blessings of his PL: grandmother. Jitender (Jagapati Babu) is a man with pride and haughtiness. PL: He cannot tolerate anyone who comes across his way. Once, he goes to a PL: nearby village(Balayya's) for a marriage proposal to him. There he gets PL: involved in a quarrel with the village headman (Suman) due to some PL: unfortunate events and gets jailed. From then on wards, he tries to take PL: revenge on that family. He kills the family members of the village headman PL: one-by-one. when krishna and Sneha (Sonal Chauhan) they both come to India. PL: As soon as he arrives in India, he gets involved in quarreling with the PL: gang of Jitendra.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Maleficent (2014)  PL: A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life PL: growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading PL: army threatens the harmony of the land. Maleficent rises to be the land's PL: fiercest protector, but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal - an act PL: that begins to turn her pure heart to stone. Bent on revenge, Maleficent PL: faces a battle with the invading king's successor and, as a result, places PL: a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows, Maleficent PL: realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom - and perhaps to PL: Maleficent's true happiness as well.  BY: Walt Disney Pictures  PL: In this new take on the classic Sleeping Beauty story, Maleficent, a PL: beautiful winged fairy falls in love with a human who ultimately betrays PL: Maleficent's love and trust of him by cutting off her wings while she is PL: asleep so that he may present them to a dying King in order to be named PL: successor to the throne. Scorned by love, Maleficent seeks revenge by PL: casting an irreversible evil spell on the newly crowned King's first born PL: child, Aurora. In fear that the spell will come true, the new King sends PL: his newborn child away to a secret country cottage hidden deep within the PL: woods to be watched over by a trio of three hummingbird sized fairies, PL: Flittle, Knotgrass and Thistletwit. As Aurora grows in age, the now scorned PL: fairy Maleficent becomes very fond of the adorable little girl and decides PL: to reverse the curse. However the curse is irreversible. Destined to prick PL: her finger on a spindle wheel needle and fall into a deep sleep forevermore PL: Aurora prematurely returns to her father and his castle. Pricking her PL: finger on the spindle wheel, Aurora fall into her deep sleep awaiting her PL: "prince charming". Eventually awaken by a kiss of love, Aurora helps to PL: usher in a new day of peace in the fantasy land.  BY: DeAlan Wilson, ComedyEcom  PL: A slightly different version of the tale of Sleeping Beauty. It begins when PL: in the forest near kingdom called the Moors, lives enchanted beings. One of PL: them is a fairy named Maleficent who is kind and cares for all in the PL: Moors. One day a human named Stefan enters the Moors. He is full of avarice PL: and steals something. He is caught Maleficent helps him. He would spend a PL: lot of time with her and they would grow close. One day he stops coming PL: cause he sets to make his fortune. And later the King tries to attack the PL: Moors but Maleficent stops him humiliating. He then offers his daughter and PL: his kingdom to who can do away with Maleficent. And Stefan is one of his PL: people. He goes and seeks Maleficent but can't kill her. Instead he takes PL: her wings and gives them to the King. The King as promised gives him his PL: daughter's hand and after the King passes away, Stefan is the new King. PL: Maleficent would eventually learn of his marriage and later his wife gives PL: birth to a daughter they name Aurora. When everyone in the Kingdom goes to PL: pay their respects, Maleficent shows up and her gift to the princess is PL: that on her 16th birthday she will prick her finger on the needle of a PL: spindle and will fall into a death like sleep and can only be awaken by PL: true love's kiss. The King would entrust Aurora to three pixies and they PL: would assume human form and raise her in the forest; keeping her out of PL: sight from Maleficent. But Maleficent would learn where Aurora is and would PL: keep her from harm because she wants her to live long enough for the curse PL: to be fulfilled. Aurora would grow and would think Maleficent is her fairy PL: god mother, and they would bond.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  
 MV: Mission Air (2014)  PL: Mother and son, Diane and Michael Ireland have just completed another PL: successful medical mission trip to Mexico. Caring for children, delivering PL: supplies, and of course Michael's cherished time with Marisol, the love of PL: his life, who lives in one of the villages they assist, Villa De Luz. Their PL: plane waits on a nearby grass strip to take them home to Mission Air, their PL: home in Texas. As they arrive at the plane a group of bandits attack in an PL: effort to steal the plane. After a struggle with the bandits Michael and PL: Diane narrowly escape with their lives and their plane. Back in Mexico the PL: bandits are bent on revenge against the Irelands for the loss of one of PL: their own during the struggle for the plane. The bandits formulate a plan PL: to kidnap the Ireland's daughter, Sophie, to bait the Irelands to return to PL: Mexico to exact their revenge. Having no other recourse, Diane and crew PL: risk everything to save Sophie. To remain undetected, they must fly low, at PL: night, through a dangerous Mexican canyon in a client's "borrowed plane". PL: Upon arriving at Villa De Luz the proverbial Mexican standoff ensues PL: between the group of bandits and the Mission Air family. Protected by the PL: armor of God, the Ireland's rely on their faith alone in an attempt to PL: bring Sophie home safely.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Most Welcome 2 (2014)  PL: A young Bangladeshi scientist invents the vaccination for cancer, the role PL: of the scientist is being played by Barsha. The whole world look unto the PL: scientist and tries to steal both the scientist and the vaccine. An PL: underworld don gets the responsibility of the task. But a honest police PL: officer comes forward to pull out the whole mission. The role of the police PL: officer is played by Ananta.  BY: Anonymous  PL: A young Bangladeshi scientist invents the vaccination for cancer, the role PL: of the scientist is being played by Barsha. The whole world look into the PL: scientist and tries to steal both the scientist and the vaccine. An PL: underworld don gets the responsibility of the task. But a honest police PL: officer comes forward to pull out the whole mission. The role of the police PL: officer is played by Ananta.  BY: shahi  PL: A Bangladeshi scientist invents the vaccination for cancer, the role of the PL: scientist is being played by Masud Rana And Borsha Rolled as his PL: gran-daughter. The whole world look unto the scientist and tries to steal PL: both the scientist and the vaccine. An underworld don gets the PL: responsibility of the task. But a honest police officer comes forward to PL: pull out the whole mission. The role of the police officer is played by PL: Ananta.  BY: Ruhul Sairous  
 MV: Most na kraju svijeta (2014)  PL: When the Croatian War of Independence ended, Bosnian Croats whose villages PL: had been destroyed in the fighting were forced to relocate. They were PL: rehoused as refugees in the homes of Croatian Serbs who had left Croatia. PL: Now, the Serbian owners are returning and the Croatian residents are facing PL: an uncertain future. Somewhere in this powder keg atmosphere, an old man PL: called Jozo, a Bosnian Croat, disappears without a trace. The police PL: officer Filip, who also lives in a Serbian house, is entrusted with the PL: case. Everyone believes that a returning Serb has murdered Jozo, but Filip PL: launches an in-depth investigation, determined to be unbiased and fair, PL: even though he has his own ghosts from the past to deal with. Through his PL: relationship with his father, Filip tries to understand the real reasons PL: for the old man's disappearance. As the film moves towards its climax, PL: Filip's investigation becomes more and more personal.  BY: unknown  PL: When the Croatian War of Independence ended, Bosnian Croats whose villages PL: had been destroyed in the fighting were forced to relocate. They were PL: rehoused as refugees in the homes of Croatian Serbs who had left Croatia. PL: Now, the Serbian owners are returning and the Croatian residents are facing PL: an uncertain future. Somewhere in this powder keg atmosphere, an old man PL: called Jozo, a Bosnian Croat, disappears without a trace. The police PL: officer Filip, who also lives in a Serbian house, is entrusted with the PL: case. Everyone believes that a returning Serb has murdered Jozo, but Filip PL: launches an in-depth investigation, determined to be unbiased and fair, PL: even though he has his own ghosts from the past to deal with. Through his PL: relationship with his father, Filip tries to understand the real reasons PL: for the old man's disappearance. As the film moves towards its climax, PL: Filip's investigation becomes more and more personal.  BY: Anonymous  PL: The film 'The Bridge at the End of the World' deals with the unfortunate PL: human destinies from the war in Croatia. In fear of the return of Serbian PL: refugees to their houses in which they lived before the war and that in the PL: meantime populated with Croat refugees from Bosnia, an old man disappears, PL: and the investigation that starts from a police officer who lives in PL: Serbian house, will become more personal.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Nicht mein Tag (2014)  PL: Till Reiners, mid-30s, has been a teller at Osthofen Mutual Bank for almost PL: 15 years, leading a settled, regular life. His marriage to ambitious purse PL: designer MIRIAM is happy, but in danger of getting into a rut after all PL: those years of harmony. The die hard hard rock lover's life is not exactly PL: exciting, except for when his 4-year-old son has a crying fit because he PL: lost his favorite snuggle bunny. All of a sudden, Till is torn from his PL: daily routine when a bank robber storms his branch and takes Till hostage PL: after his getaway car breaks down. When the kidnapper takes his mask off, PL: Till recognizes NAPPO, a former con who just got out of jail and wanted a PL: loan from Till to buy a new car the other day, but Till turned him down for PL: professional reasons. As the police set up roadblocks and Miriam awaits her PL: husband's call, Nappo decides to abandon Till in the trunk of the car the PL: next morning and disappear with his loot. But it doesn't work out that way. PL: Till and Nappo have to flee together. Pretty soon, Till has had enough. He PL: summons all his courage and demands to call his wife, but the call turns PL: into a fiasco. Due to a misunderstanding, Till gets the impression his wife PL: doesn't care for him at all. Completely confused after this phone call, PL: Till throws caution to the wind and dives into adventure with his PL: kidnapper, Nappo. The odd couple even discovers a shared passion, their PL: mutual love for hard rockers "Donar". Till really starts having a good time PL: when he's able to use his banking skills to arrange an extremely lucrative PL: deal for Nappo. More and more, Till relishes the gangster life and his PL: newfound freedom, which takes him across the border to Holland. Little does PL: Till realize the police are already treating him as a suspect and PL: accomplice in the bank robbery. Miriam refuses to believe her husband is in PL: cahoots with the gangster, and sets out for Amsterdam to find her husband PL: without the help of the police. However, Miriam winds up in danger due to PL: the shady deal Till has arranged. Her husband, meanwhile, has realized his PL: old, "square" life maybe wasn't so bad after all, and has to risk all to PL: rescue his beloved wife in a dramatic showdown.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Till, mid-30s and bank teller, is leading a regular life. Suddenly, Till is PL: torn from his routine when a bank robber, Nappo, a former con who just got PL: out of jail, storms his branch and takes Till hostage after his getaway car PL: breaks down. As the police set up roadblocks, Nappo decides to abandon Till PL: in the trunk of the car the next morning and disappear with his loot. But PL: it doesn`t work out that way. Till and Nappo have to flee together. After PL: some trouble, the odd couple discovers a shared passion, their mutual love PL: for hard rockers 'Donar' and more, Till relishes the gangster life and his PL: new-found freedom.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Non-Stop (2014)  PL: Bill Marks, a former cop dealing with his daughter's death by drinking, is PL: now a federal air marshal. While on a flight from New York to London, Marks PL: gets a text telling him that unless 150 million dollars is transferred to PL: an offshore account, someone will die every 20 minutes. Can he find the PL: terrorist in time and save everyone?  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: The alcoholic and discredited air marshal Bill Marks is a former cop that PL: still grieves the death of his eight year-old daughter that died of PL: leukemia. Bill is assigned to a flight from New York to London and the PL: passenger Jen Summers sits on his side in the first-class. When the plane PL: is crossing the Atlantic Ocean, Bill receives text messages telling him PL: that one passenger will die every twenty minutes unless the TSA air flight PL: company transfers 150 million dollars to an offshore account. Bill contacts PL: his superior that does not believe in his words. Further they discover that PL: the bank account is in the name of Bill. Now Bill has to find the terrorist PL: with the support of Jen and the flight attendant Nancy only and soon he PL: finds a bomb on board. But the TSA representative believes that Bill is the PL: terrorist. Will he succeed in saving the passengers lives?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Paco Pedro: Mexican Mafia Mayhem (2014)  PL: Paco and Austin are contacted by the commissioner about an exciting new PL: plan. A Mexican businessman, Don Burrito, wants to establish bullfighting PL: in Ireland, and the commissioner feels it would help raise publicity if PL: Paco performed in the opening show. In truth it is all a lie, the PL: commissioner and Don Burrito want to smuggle drugs into Ireland with Paco PL: being the unwitting carrier. This is done by putting drugs 'inside' a real PL: monkey. Paco and Austin duly take the drug filled monkey, believed to be a PL: gift for Don Burrito, on-board a ship set for Dublin. During the journey PL: Paco has a romantic encounter with a famous actress. When leaving the boat PL: the monkey farts and sprays drugs all over Austin. A local police man sees PL: this and arrests Austin on the spot, while Austin urges Paco to flee the PL: crime scene, fearing it would be bad publicity for the star bullfighter to PL: be involved in a drug scandal. Upon learning of the drug smuggling trick, PL: Paco dispatches with two of Don Burrito's men sent to retrieve the PL: drug-monkey. He then helps Austin and the monkey escape from jail. Angry PL: that his plan to smuggle drugs into Ireland has failed, Don Burrito PL: confronts Paco Pedro in a dramatic sword fight. Defeating Don Burrito, Paco PL: is later thanked and rewarded by the Irish President.  BY: Mark Wilson Smith  
 MV: Pawn (2014/I)  PL: A chilling thriller that begins with Johnny, a young man waking up in a PL: poorly-lit, paint warehouse, beaten, and tied to a chair. With a neatly PL: arranged chess set in front of him, his captor, David, enters and proposes PL: a match for his life. Though Johnny quickly declines, David turns on a TV PL: showing a live feed of Johnny's tied-up girlfriend, Sarah, which persuades PL: Johnny to reconsider. As the game wars on the unraveling of how the two are PL: connected becomes more apparent. Within a flashback we see Sarah at a park, PL: alone, playing with a chess set. Johnny approaches with an introduction and PL: the two quickly hit it off. Sarah asks Johnny if he has any knowledge of PL: the game and Johnny immediately picks up a pawn piece and describes it's PL: attributes and participation in the game. As the two continue we see Sarah PL: slowly slip a ring into her purse. At the realization that Sarah was PL: married prior to their relationship, Johnny returns from the flashback and PL: questions David, while displaying remorse for what happened. Johnny wins PL: the match, but David explains that he never had any intention to let either PL: one of them go. He just wanted both of them to feel his pain, the pain of PL: feeling alone. The scene ends with David, shutting the exit to the PL: warehouse as Johnny screams, begging to be let go. Johnny's screams can be PL: heard as the credits begin to roll.  BY: anonymous  PL: Open your eyes. You can see nothing but darkness. The smell of factory PL: paint and burning plastic fills your nostrils. Realizing that you are PL: bounded to a chair you try to escape but fall over in the attempt. You have PL: been kidnapped. That is exactly how Johnny Gunther feels when he awakes PL: with nothing but a chess board in front of him. Tied and in an agonizing PL: pain. This chilling crime-thriller takes a look at how far some of us are PL: willing to go for revenge. However, in parallel to the game of chess, every PL: small detail is just a piece of the ultimate strategy. You decide, who is PL: the PAWN?  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Piranha (2014)  PL: As the financial headquarters of London slowly awakens to another day of PL: business as usual, not so far away a nervous junior banker experiences PL: nightmarish visions of rioters and looting across the city, before leaving PL: his flat to make his first journey to work at a major investment bank. Yet, PL: in the surreal calm of the financial district, unbeknown to him the PL: greatest danger he faces is not from the rioters, but the corruption of his PL: individuality in the corporate bubble. Here, as differences between him and PL: the perceived rioters blur, he faces a choice to resist or succumb to the PL: very same desires that the looters share: adrenaline, greed, and power at PL: the expense of others.  BY: Elcid Asaei  PL: As the financial headquarters of London slowly awakens to another day of PL: business as usual, in the near distance a junior banker named Adam PL: experiences nightmarish visions of chasing rioters. Trying to understand PL: his own dream, Adam nervously leaves his flat to make the first journey to PL: work at a major investment bank. Yet, in the surreal calm of the financial PL: district, unbeknown to Adam, the greatest danger facing him is not from the PL: imagined rioters, but the corruption of his individuality in the corporate PL: bubble. Here, as differences between him and the perceived rioters blur, he PL: faces a choice to resist or succumb to the very same desires that the PL: looters share: adrenaline, greed, and power at the expense of others.  BY: Elcid Asaei  
 MV: Plasma (2014)  PL: When terrorists attack Chicago in the year 2035, the government responds by PL: creating a special unit called RIFT to combat the blood-borne virus PL: unleashed by the blast. An average man living in the suburbs holds the key PL: to a cure, but before RIFT can apprehend him, he is kidnapped and held PL: hostage by the terrorist group. As time runs out and the viral infections PL: reach epidemic proportions, the leaders of RIFT approve a daring, risky and PL: desperate mission to save the man and find the cure.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Chicago, 2036. An Eastern-European terrorist group called Division Two PL: detonates a bomb in downtown Chicago. The bomb contains a virus that begins PL: spreading through the American population. Working like the Ebola virus, it PL: targets the victims blood cells, causing an intense fever and eventually PL: killing the victim. The United States government creates a response team PL: named, Research and Intervention: Fever Treatment, or, RIFT. Made up of PL: scientists, doctors, and military personnel, RIFT discovers that some PL: people are completely immune to the Nexus virus and that one man, living in PL: suburbia, with no knowledge of his importance, might hold the key to curing PL: the virus. Before RIFT can apprehend the man, Division Two kidnaps him and PL: takes him hostage in a remote warehouse on the outskirts of Chicago. RIFT PL: assembles two teams to find and rescue the man and to contain his wife at PL: home. After skydiving in and taking out all the terrorists, including the PL: head of Division Two, the RIFT strike team explains to the man that he is PL: the key to finding the cure, but the process will kill him. Eventually the PL: man agrees to sacrifice himself to save the countless sick. The procedure PL: works, the cure is effective, and the virus is wiped out.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Pompeii (2014/I)  PL: Set in 79 A.D., POMPEII tells the epic story of Milo (Kit Harington), a PL: slave turned invincible gladiator who finds himself in a race against time PL: to save his true love Cassia (Emily Browning), the beautiful daughter of a PL: wealthy merchant who has been unwillingly betrothed to a corrupt Roman PL: Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts in a torrent of blazing lava, Milo must PL: fight his way out of the arena in order to save his beloved as the once PL: magnificent Pompeii crumbles around him.  BY: Sony Pictures Entertainment  PL: In 79 A.D., a Celtic tribe of horsemen is slaughtered by the Roman Senator PL: Corvus, his right-hand man Proculus and their army. The boy Milo is the PL: only survivor that is captured later and sold as slave. Seventeen years PL: later, the slave Milo turns into an invincible gladiator in a province and PL: is brought to Pompeii to participate in the games in the arena. While PL: walking to Pompeii, the noble Cassia and her chaperone Ariadne cross with PL: the path of the slaves and Cassia is fascinated by Milo. He shares the cell PL: of Atticus, who is near to get his freedom depending on winning his last PL: fight. Meanwhile Cassia meets her parents Severus and Aurelia and learns PL: that she has been betrothed to the corrupt Senator Corvus who is pressing PL: her parents to marry her. During the games, the Mount Vesuvius erupts and PL: Milos and his friend Atticus succeed to escape from the arena. But Milo PL: wants to save his beloved Cassia in the middle of the chaos and the Romans.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Precision (2014)  PL: The film follows a rookie cop, Sam Elkin, who tends to butt heads with his PL: partner and captain. After tearing apart a high end boutique in Beverly PL: Hills without a warrant and accusing the store owner of obstruction of PL: justice, Sam is taken off of active duty. However, the Mayor steps in and PL: has Sam sent undercover to investigate robberies of police evidence PL: transports. A group of highly skilled, very agile criminals, have been PL: taking out the transport vehicles using gas grenades. After stealing the PL: drug evidence, they take off through the city - scaling buildings, jumping PL: rooftops and executing many other amazing stunts for their escape. Sam soon PL: learns of "Parkour", the athletic ability to move through one's environment PL: efficiently. His investigation leads him to PRECISION, a gym above all PL: gyms. It is here that Sam meets the Crew, the 5 people who run the gym. One PL: of which is the gorgeous Melissa, a guy's best dream and worst nightmare. PL: Sam's friendship with the crew grows strong and their bond becomes like PL: that of family. On the other side, Sam's captain is pressing him for PL: results. Sam begins to lose himself in this new found world, and resists PL: the idea that the group he has grown so tight with may in fact be the very PL: people he was sent to take down. His world is flipped upside down one night PL: when the crew decides to share a secret they've been hiding from the world. PL: Now it is up to Sam to decide who the real criminals are.  BY: Rawkn  
 MV: Revolver Rani (2014)  PL: In the hostile territory of Chambal, the land of rebels, politicians, PL: bullets and blood, you either live by the gun or die by the gun. Revolver PL: Rani is set in this hostile world where there are no friends; only fragile PL: alliances and deadly enemies that aim straight for the head. But sometimes PL: you do not need to take lives to finish your enemies. Sometimes you just PL: need to go for their heart. Revolver Rani is a satirical and unusual love PL: story set against the backdrop of politics. It's about Alka Singh (Kangana PL: Ranaut), the leader of a political party and her obsessive love for Rohan PL: Mehra (Vir Das), a rising star of Bollywood. The elections in Gwalior have PL: just finished and Alka's reign has come to an end. Her opposition, the PL: Tomar party, have come into power and want to use their new position to PL: take out Alka, but first, they want to hurt her. The Tomars kidnap Rohan PL: from Mumbai and take him back to Gwalior with the aim to kill him. They are PL: about to pull the trigger when Revolver Rani turns up, all guns blazing and PL: saves his life. Revolver Rani has a very unique story at its heart that has PL: only ever been hinted at before in Bollywood. This film will bring that PL: story into the limelight and show the viewers what would happen if a PL: political giant fell in love with a Bollywood star and then had to protect PL: him from her enemies. It's a very authentic satire, littered with dead PL: bodies, love and black comedy that builds up to an iconic climax set in the PL: Shivpuri Bird Sanctuary (Madhya Pradesh) just before the break of dawn. PL: Even if she is deadly, Revolver Rani needs love too.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Rise of the Eco-Warriors (2014)  PL: A group of passionate and nave young people leave their known worlds PL: behind to spend 100 days in the jungles of Borneo. Their mission is to PL: confront one of the great global challenges of our time, saving rainforests PL: and giving hope to endangered orangutans. Their task is enormous and the PL: odds are against them. Jojo, an orphaned baby orangutan, is entrusted in PL: their care and they must find a way to return her to her forest home. To do PL: this, they need to build an orangutan rehabilitation centre and find ways PL: to help the local communities protect their forest. Under the guidance of PL: their mentor Dr Willie Smits, they introduce an innovative satellite PL: monitoring system called Earthwatchers and enlist the help of school PL: students around the world. The system is put to the test when the PL: bulldozers move in and threaten the future of a nearby community living in PL: a traditional longhouse. This is a story about what it takes it be an PL: eco-warrior, an individual willing to step up and take action to avert a PL: global catastrophe taking place before our eyes. The eco-warriors represent PL: a new generation, ready to face what is happening on our planet and willing PL: to do something, no matter how small, to build a more humane and balanced PL: world. For them, every individual matters, every action counts.  BY: Cathy Henkel  PL: A group of passionate and adventurous young people leave their known worlds PL: behind to spend 100 days in the jungles of Borneo. Their mission: saving PL: rainforests and endangered orangutans. But time is running out and the odds PL: are against them. Jojo, an orphaned baby orangutan, is entrusted in their PL: care and they must find a way to return her to her forest home. Their PL: challenges include building an orangutan rehabilitation centre, introducing PL: a satellite monitoring system called Earthwatchers, replanting a forest and PL: building a global support network. This is a story about what it takes it PL: be an eco-warrior, an individual willing to step up and take action to PL: avert a global catastrophe. For them, every individual matters, every PL: action counts.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: RoboCop (2014)  PL: In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at PL: the center of robot technology. Overseas, their drones have been used by PL: the military for years - and it's meant billions for OmniCorp's bottom PL: line. Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the PL: home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it. When Alex Murphy PL: (Joel Kinnaman) - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to PL: stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured in PL: the line of duty, OmniCorp sees their chance for a part-man, part-robot PL: police officer. OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more PL: billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there PL: is still a man inside the machine pursuing justice.  BY: Sony Pictures Entertainment  PL: When Detroit cop Alex Murphy is critically injured in the line of duty, PL: OmniCorp, a multi-national conglomerate at the center of robotic technology PL: ceases the opportunity to not only save Alex's life by turning him into a PL: half-robot, half-man crime fighter. Overseas, OmniCorp's drones and other PL: robotic technology have been utilized by the military for years, but in the PL: USA, they have been prohibited from using them. Obviously wanting to grow PL: profits for their shareholders, the company envisions a RoboCop in every PL: city therefore generating billions. Unfortunately, OmniCorp has not PL: considered the fact that there is still a real -life human being within all PL: this robotic technology. As he returns to the crime ridden and corrupt PL: streets of Detroit, Alex Murphy begins to face many human issues a regular PL: cop and normal officers has never had to face.  BY: DeAlan Wilson www.ComedyE.com  PL: OmniCorp is a corporation that creats robots for military use overseas. The PL: CEO of the company wants to use the robots domestically, specifically for PL: law enforcement. But the politicians refuse to allow them to, because they PL: want a law enforcement officer who knows what it is to be human and who can PL: feel. So the CEO thinks that they should create something that's part man PL: part machine. All they need is someone. Alex Murphy is a cop who tries to PL: do things by the book. And he is trying to get an elusive criminal. He even PL: suspects that someone in the department is helping the criminal so he PL: doesn't tell anyone what he is doing. One day Murphy goes to his car and it PL: blows up. Later his wife is asked by the doctor who will be doing the PL: procedure for Omnicorp, permission to operate on Alex. When he does it and PL: Murphy wakes up and he can't believe what he is.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: In 2028, in Detroit, the OmniCorp has developed technology in the area of PL: robotics and their drones have been used by different countries in military PL: application. However the corporation does not succeed in using them to PL: enforce the law in the United States due to the Dreyfus Act. When the PL: detective and family man Alex Murphy is lethally injured in an attempt with PL: a bomb in his car, OmniCorp CEO Raymond Sellars convinces the scientist Dr. PL: Dennett Norton and Murphy's wife to use his remaining parts in a robot with PL: the intention of swindling the law and make a fortune with the drones. PL: However the cyborg RoboCop is indeed seeking justice and will not stop PL: until he finds those that destroyed his and his family's lives.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Robyn Hood (2014)  PL: A dark shadowy figure approaches a shining red ruby in the middle of a PL: wooded clearing. She cautiously looks around her immediate area and steps PL: out to grab it. She is spotted by another cloaked figure behind her, and PL: the two start to fight. Magic spells and wooden arrows fly left and right, PL: as the two enemies battle to the death. The smoke clears and two live PL: action role players named Robyn and Joe stand in there place as we are PL: thrust back into reality. They make their way to their local smoothie bar PL: but are approached by the trio of bullies who haunt their every step. The PL: next day when out on another adventure, Robyn and Joe stumble across an old PL: mineshaft under the wooded ground. They enter boldly, but happen upon a PL: rabble of angry goblin warriors. They attempt to flee but Joe is grabbed PL: and dragged away into the darkness by the horde. Robyn attempts to help him PL: but is scared out by a screaming goblin. After several failed attempts to PL: find help, Robyn reaches out to the only other place she knows will help, PL: her larpers guide to goblins. She studies and researches her enemy, only to PL: discover that she is not yet a high enough level to take on a pack of PL: goblins. She collapses thinking all hope is lost. Her mother then reassures PL: Her that the level is just a number, and knows that if she believes in PL: herself, she can defeat any adversity. Robyn bursts in and battle cries at PL: the goblins, and as one of the angry creatures races towards her, she PL: instinctively lets out a magical burst of magic, saving Joe. By believing PL: in herself she found the powers she had within and becomes the hero that PL: she has always longed to be.  BY: Tom Masterman  
 MV: Shadow of a Hero (2015)  PL: This is a film about a man who sets out to discover how the death of his PL: grandfather in the Spanish Civil War could split up the entire family for PL: three generations. Was this ancestor really the hero that he grew up PL: hearing so much about, or rather a traitor as his elusive grandmother PL: claims one night after a whole life in silence? On a journey from PL: Copenhagen via the small, rocky island of Bornholm to the red mountains of PL: Ebro in Spain, the grandson, Laurits, who's the director of this film, PL: tries to excavate the layers of myth and memory in order to bring back PL: together his family in the shadow of The Spanish Civil War. But does there PL: even exist a red line through this erratic family of artists? The film is a PL: modern genre mix of documentary, reenactments and archive written by Oscar PL: nominated Anders stergaard (Burma VJ) and edited by Jacob Thuesen (The PL: Kingdom, etc). Director Laurits Munch-Petersen won an Oscar for his film PL: school film "Between Us" and has since directed 2 feature films and several PL: documentaries. "Shadow of a Hero" is produced by Fridthjof Film. Release is PL: set for Autumn 2014.  BY: Fridthjof Film  PL: This is a film about a man who sets out to discover how the death of his PL: grandfather in the Spanish Civil War could split up the entire family for PL: three generations. Was this ancestor really the hero that he grew up PL: hearing so much about, or rather a traitor as his elusive grandmother PL: claims one night after a whole life in silence? A journey from Copenhagen PL: to a rocky island of Bornholm to the mountains of Ebro in Spain, the PL: grandson,the director of this film, tries to excavate the layers of myth PL: and memory in order to bring back together his family in the shadow of The PL: Spanish Civil War. But does there even exist a red line through this PL: erratic family of artists?  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Sigaram Thodu (2014)  PL: Murali Pandian (Vikram Prabhu) is the only son of Chellapa (Sathyaraj) an PL: honest police officer who now works in the crime and records bureau of the PL: department. Chellapa wants his son to follow his footsteps and win a PL: gallantry medal, but Murali has his own reason not to be a cop. He prefers PL: a 9 to 5 job and aspires to be a bank manager. Murali falls in love with PL: Ambujam ( Monal Gajjar) and she also never wants him to be a cop. However PL: due to circumstances he is forced to take up a police job and go after a PL: gang which attacks ATM's.  BY: Ganesan  PL: Murali Pandian, the only son of Chellappa Pandian - an ex-Tamil Nadu police PL: officer who lost his leg in violent riot, does not want to end up like his PL: father and is bent on burying his childhood aspiration of becoming a cop. PL: He fools around with his dad's belief that Murali will be a model cop while PL: secretly pursuing his personal goal to become a bank manager - a profession PL: he considers free from risks like the ones faced by a cop. Conflicts of PL: interest between the desires of his dad, his lady love get entangled with PL: his own to drown him in a wave of unexpected events whose outcomes are PL: presented as an emotionally gripping story!  BY: PipingHotViews  
 MV: Singers in the Band (2014)  PL: "Singers in the Band" tracks the elaborate process of sex traffickers in PL: the Philippines who contract women as singers and send them to work in bars PL: that exclusively service U.S. Military Bases in Korea. Three governments, PL: Philippines, South Korea, and the United States must be complicit, allowing PL: "licensed" promoters to then force these women into prostitution through PL: debt bondage. The film goes under cover to expose the crime, the PL: entrapment, the shame, the military culture, and the long term effects of PL: turning a blind eye to this crime against humanity for over a century. The PL: film includes moving interviews with brave survivors, active and retired PL: U.S.Military, experts, and with a government sanctioned "promoter" which PL: the U.N. has listed as a known human trafficker.  BY: David Titus  PL: 'SINGERS' in the Band exposes the role the United States military plays in PL: fostering prostitution and trafficking of women worldwide. Embedding the PL: compelling stories of at risk women and children within a broader framework PL: of the complicated narrative about the sex trade and international PL: politics, it painstakingly strips away the secrecy and deception that PL: permits these practices to flourish. In doing so, this documentary is the PL: first to show how U.S. bases, global sex trafficking, and prostitution are PL: inextricably linked, creates massive marketing opportunities for PL: traffickers, and how military culture itself is complicit in supporting the PL: creation, maintenance and vitality of the sex trade. By highlighting this PL: one particular aspect of militarism the documentary unmasks a facet of the PL: sex industry that is virtually ignored.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Son of Batman (2014) (V)  PL: Ra's al Ghul is dead, slain by former League of Assassin Slade Wilson, aka PL: Deathstroke. His victory is not without a cost, the price his right eye; PL: taken by Ra's own grandson Damien. Fearing for her sons' safety Talia al PL: Ghul decides now is the time for the boy to meet his father. Half a world PL: away a trail of chemical plant heists finds the Batman catching the culprit PL: in the very act. The thief is Killer Croc, but Croc has changed mutated by PL: some unseen hand. With the shocking appearance of the lovely but deadly PL: Talia, Croc is quickly taken down. Back at Gotham harbor Talia gives the PL: Detective the news of Ra's fate along with the surprise of introducing him PL: to Damien, their son. Talia sets out to handle Slade while Damien falls PL: under the guardianship of Batman. The young man possess great fighting PL: prowess but his cocky self confidence creates friction back at Wayne Manor. PL: Batman's investigation into Croc's actions leads him to the home of Dr. PL: Kirk Langstrom, creator of the Man-bat formula. But Langstrom is merely PL: another pawn serving the ambitions of the League of Assassins and their new PL: leader Deathstroke. Deathstroke takes Langstrom's family hostage moving up PL: the time-table for product delivery. Meanwhile Damien using the Batcave's PL: resources conducts his own manhunt. One of Slade's lieutenant's likes to PL: spend his off time in Gotham. Damien combats the traitor but before he can PL: deliver the final blow, is stopped by Nightwing. Batman impressed by PL: Damien's ability and drive allows him to take up the mantel of Robin. Soon PL: the two are hot on the trail of Deathstroke who is aiming to amass an army PL: of ninja Man-bats. Can Batman teach his new sidekick what it takes to be a PL: hero, leaving behind his murderous past? Or will his greatest challenge yet PL: prove to be for the very soul of the son of Batman.  BY: Written by Nolan Hubbard<nohvarrmarvel1@gmail.com>  
 MV: Special Operations Group: Salvation (2014)  PL: Near the end of World War II, Japanese forces under General Yamashita's PL: command buried tons of looted Filipino gold throughout the jungles of the PL: Philippines... awaiting a time when the tide of war would once again turn PL: in Japan's favor. However, only a few months later, Japan surrendered to PL: American forces and General Yamashita was executed for Japanese war crimes. PL: Almost 25 years following the surrender of Japan in 1945, the Philippine PL: Government and U.S. special operations forces began an ongoing battle with PL: generations of Muslim separatists on the southern-most Philippine islands PL: of Mindanao, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi. SOG: SALVATION is the fictional PL: account of a Marine Special Operations Command ("MARSOC") team seconded to PL: the CIA's Special Operations Group ("SOG") who find themselves racing PL: against a group of Jemaah Islamiyah ("JI") terrorists to recover General PL: Yamashita's lost gold from a jungle bunker recently discovered by a local PL: village farmer. Should Jemaah Islamiya beat MARSOC to Yamashita's gold, the PL: balance of power in the southern Philippines may finally tip in favor of PL: Muslim extremists.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Spiralmind (2014)  PL: On the eve of his bar-mitzvah, Ben Landry is witness to the demonic PL: possession of his mother as his mentors Rabbi Sol Rotblatt and Father Tom PL: O'Brien attempted the exorcism of three powerful demons. This traumatic PL: event forces Ben into a secluded state of consciousness during a mediation PL: of prayer. He inadvertently entered an alternate dimension known as "The PL: Spiralmind" giving him the ability to be witness past, present and future PL: events. Ben confronted the demons upon his return and cast them out, losing PL: his mother in the process. Having already lost his father the day he was PL: born, Ben was left orphaned. Father Tom O'Brien and Rabbi Sol Rotblatt took PL: it upon themselves to ensure his proper upbringing. Ben obtained a PL: classical education from St. Matthew's Jesuit Private School of Nineveh PL: where he became fluent in multiple languages, and excelled in math and PL: science under the tutelage of Father Tom. Ben outrivaled his peers in PL: extracurricular activities including boxing, baseball, fencing, and crew. PL: To maintain his psyche, continue his growth and to preserve his Judaic PL: roots, Rabbi Rotblatt would mentor Ben at Synagogue Nineveh. It is through PL: these teachings that Ben learns the mystic powers behind the Hebraic PL: language. Ben enlisted in the army upon graduation and was placed in a PL: special Delta Force unit due to his extraordinary mental and physical PL: abilities. He served on several covert missions before he was recruited PL: into the CIA's Special Operation's Group.  BY: Ben Perez / Matt Rothblatt  
 MV: Starship: Rising (2014)  PL: Starship One... the most powerful prototype warship in the Federation, PL: capable of destroying entire worlds. Two empires at war: the corrupt PL: Federation, and the oppressive Terra Nostra. Entire planets are being wiped PL: out. When the order is given to destroy the Earth, Federation Flight PL: Lieutenant John Worthy kills his superior officer and mutineers Starship PL: One. Demanding that both sides make peace, he becomes the target of both PL: sides of the war. Worthy is pursued across the galaxy by General Gustav, an PL: infamous military commander who brings the entire Federation fleet down PL: upon Worthy and his Starship. After a number of intense battles, and PL: suffering heavy vessel damage, Worthy aligns himself with an underground PL: rebellion. He is entrusted with vessel upgrades and a robot army he needs PL: to bring down both sides of the war. Joining with other disgruntled PL: Federation military personnel, and Jolli, a beautiful gun-toting star PL: pilot, Worthy wages war, but is halted when General Gustav holds his family PL: hostage. Worthy risks losing all that is dear to him, to end the terrible PL: war, and discovers a forbidden truth that will shake the foundations of the PL: entire galaxy.  BY: Neil Johnson  
 MV: Street Society (2014)  PL: Cocky, charismatic and womanizing Rio (Marcel Chandrawinata) is the PL: reigning champion of Indonesia's illegal street racing scene. Along with PL: his friends-tuning genius Monty (Daniel Topan), Balinese champion racer Gde PL: (Yogie Tan), and the beautiful-yet-brash Nanda (Kelly Tandiono)--Rio forms PL: a speed-obsessed society, racing against fellow super car owners in exotic PL: and beautiful locations across the country. Rio's archenemy is Nico (Edward PL: Gunawan), the heavily-guarded heir to a Surabaya crime syndicate-and the PL: city's number one racer-who keeps pushing Rio for a rematch after an PL: embarrassing loss on the former's home turf. Rio's priorities change, PL: however, after he meets the beautiful and smart Karina (Chelsea Islan), a PL: newcomer DJ who plays at one of his regular hangouts. Their friendship soon PL: blossoms into something more serious. For the first time in his life, Rio PL: feels he can focus on something other than racing. After a race ends with a PL: near-death incident that shocked Karina, Rio decides to put his racing days PL: behind. That is, until nervy racer Yopie (Edward Akbar) enters the scene. PL: Yopie bears a violent hatred against Nico, whose family he blamed for the PL: death of his father, a notorious mobster, in the late 90s. His only chance PL: for payback is by taking down Nico on the road-the only place where the PL: latter is not surrounded by his horde of bodyguards. Yopie forces Rio to PL: take the wheel against Nico for one last time, or else Karina would be a PL: victim of Yopie's violent tendencies. Can Rio and his band of misfit PL: petrolheads save Karina? What surprises are installed when they execute PL: their intricate plan?  BY: twitch film  
 MV: Strike One (2014)  PL: Juan Garcia is a boy on the threshold of manhood living in a PL: gang-controlled neighborhood. His role models could not be further apart: PL: his older sister Angie, a single mom, struggling to gain a foothold in the PL: white corporate world and his uncle Manny, an ex-gang member, who has PL: fallen into an acting career playing gang bangers since his release from PL: prison. With the future on his doorstep, Juan, like most boys, can only PL: think of girls and is unaware of the judicial system's hard line stance PL: against gang affiliation.  BY: Strike One Films  PL: Juan Garcia, a boy on the threshold of manhood, living in a gang-controlled PL: neighborhood, is wrongfully accused of a crime he did not commit. His PL: uncle, Manny Garcia, an ex shot caller with a neighborhood gang, now turned PL: movie star, loses his life in an attempt to save Juan. Aware of the PL: judicial system's hard line stance against gang affiliation, Angie, Juan's PL: older sister, a would be law student, engages the services of war-torn PL: defense attorney Alan Hartford. Juan's life is now in the so called 'blind PL: scales of justice'. Alan fights the upward battle against a judicial system PL: that profiles those who are born ob the wrong side of the street.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Subconscious (2014)  PL: It's 2013 and Peter Williams, an alcoholic and driven Professor of History PL: at New York University, is obsessed with an old war story about the USS PL: LIONFISH, a US Navy submarine that was mysteriously and suddenly chained, PL: welded shut, sealed and locked to the pier in 1943. Peter, after becoming PL: an embarrassment to the History Department, is forced to resign his PL: position at BOSTON UNIVERSITY due to his drinking and his single minded PL: obsession with the submarine story. That evening, Peter receives a PL: mysterious visit from a man from the Department of the Navy. After years PL: and years of trying, Peter is allowed to visit the submarine. Assembling PL: his team of researchers and graduate students, including is ex-wife, Peter PL: plans to finally perform research on board, and his team head to the USS PL: LIONFISH... ...the first people to be allowed on the boat for over 80 years PL: since... ...the event. Once on board, they become trapped by the boat PL: itself and things only get worse for the team as the boat comes to life, PL: and heads out to sea diving them into a pitched battle in 1943 with a PL: German U-boat and attacked by their own US NAVY destroyer... Peter and his PL: team are thrust into the untenable position of continuing to fight the PL: LIONFISH, in order to save themselves, or changing sides, and fighting with PL: the USS LIONFISH. With the fate of Peter, his crew, the USS LIONFISH, and PL: the outcome of World War II hanging in the balance, Peter must make a PL: decision that he never saw coming and could potentially ...change the world PL: forever.  BY: stacey morris  
 MV: Terminate Life Cycle (2014)  PL: U.S. Sen. McCarthy puts a gun to his head and splatters his brains all over PL: the insides of a parked car. Shortly after, U.S. Sen. Higgins narrowly PL: escapes assassins' bullets. Higgins is running for president and McCarthy PL: was likely his vice presidential partner. Who or what is behind this PL: mayhem? Secret Service director Weathers is determined to find out. He PL: gives special agent AJ the job of bodyguard for Sen. Higgins while PL: assigning special agent Julie Robinson to investigate the incidents. What PL: he doesn't know is that AJ and Julie met five years earlier in a war zone PL: and had a torrid affair, before Julie broke it off for concern that it PL: would affect her career. When AJ and Julie reconnect, the fireworks are PL: quickly rekindled. But will it hinder their work and jeopardize their PL: lives? As they pull back the curtain on these and other mysterious and PL: deadly events in Washington, AJ and Julie find themselves dodging bullets PL: as they discover that the truth goes far beyond the ambitions of two PL: senators. This truth involves Sen. McCarthy's wife, Michelle, who secretly PL: documented his numerous dalliances, and whose ambitions, backed by a PL: powerful father, include the presidency and beyond. And it involves the PL: CORE, a near shadow-government entity with historical roots and world-wide PL: influence, whose code TLC stands not for Tender Loving Care, but rather, PL: Terminate Life Cycle, with an agenda to excite the imaginations of the most PL: avid conspiracy theorists. And it involves the future of the United States PL: of America. Will this once shining light of nations completely yield to PL: corporate power and the entrenched interests of the Age Of Oil? Or will it PL: move toward innovation and a future of new technologies, renewable PL: resources and clean energy independence? In Terminate Life Cycle, the PL: battle for the future is joined.  BY: Kerry Kimmel & Pollack  
 MV: The Ballad of Ayako & Jessie (2014)  PL: Ayako, a young female assassin, stares at the fish tank in her bedroom. PL: Smoothly a song comes through the wall as played from the room. She got to PL: live next door with a harmonica player although they never met each other. PL: As soon as she hears the song she feels dragged by the sound and moves PL: towards the wall where she leans, slides down the door, and gets serenade PL: by the tune. Jessie, a male adult harmonica player, lives by himself in an PL: open space apartment where he plays for long part of the day. All of a PL: sudden someone knocks at Ayako's house door. She wakes up, open a drawer, PL: quickly steps toward the door, she grabs a greeting card which has a name PL: and an address written on it. Ayako walks down different places of the city PL: until she reaches a railways station where she killed her first victim. PL: Meanwhile Jessie spends his time staring at the city from the rooftop of a PL: parking structure where daily he goes. Eventually Ayako and Jessie meet by PL: chance in a bar and Jessie explain that he was a killer once but he made a PL: mistake. He didn't kill somebody whom he followed in love with and since PL: that moment he had to hide himself from the mob. On the rooftop of the PL: parking building Ayako is about to kill Jessie but she gives up when he PL: stars playing the tune familiar to Ayako. She ends up making his same PL: mistake.  BY: Antonio Cola  PL: Ayako, a young female assassin, and Jessie, a middle age harmonica player, PL: happen to live next door. Every very time he plays the same tune she feels PL: dragged by the music and gets serenaded by it. One day Ayako is supposed to PL: kill Jessie, whose past is shady, but when she aims the gun at him he PL: starts playing the unmistakable tune.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Ayako, a young female assassin, and Jessie, a middle age harmonica player, PL: happen to live next door even though they don't know and ever seen each PL: other. But every time he plays the same tune she feels dragged by the music PL: and gets serenaded by it. One day Ayako is supposed to kill Jessie, whose PL: past is shady, but when she aims the gun at him he starts playing the PL: unmistakable tune...  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: The Breaking Point (2014)  PL: Shawn Dickerson, an early thirties, rough around the edges street guy is PL: accused of killing BRENDA SAWYER, a wealthy and prominent older lady, known PL: for her compassion, and benevolence towards kids from the inner-cities. PL: Shawn is hunted by Brenda's grieving husband HARRY, the police, and a very PL: ambitious and overzealous Assistant D.A. name BALLARD, who is willing to do PL: whatever she has to do to make District Attorney, even if it means bending PL: the rules. Harry, already distraught due to the death of his daughter PL: Susan, at the hands of a hit and run driver, decides to take the law into PL: his own hands, to mete out Justice to Shawn. While Shawn is on the run, PL: Assistant D.A Ballard devises a plan to procure the case once Shawn is PL: apprehended, believing that a guilty verdict against Shawn will increase PL: her chances of becoming the D.A. Once Shawn is apprehended, the fireworks PL: begin.  BY: James Hunter  PL: Shawn Dickerson, an early thirties, rough around the edges street guy is PL: accused of killing Brenda, a wealthy and prominent older lady, known for PL: her compassion, and benevolence towards kids from the inner-cities. Shawn PL: is hunted by Brenda's grieving husband HARRY, the police, and a very PL: ambitious and overzealous Assistant D.A. name Ballard, who is willing to do PL: whatever she has to do to make District Attorney, even if it means bending PL: the rules. Harry, already distraught due to the death of his daughter PL: Susan, at the hands of a hit and run driver, decides to take the law into PL: his own hands, to mete out Justice to Shawn. While Shawn is on the run, PL: Assistant D.A Ballard devises a plan to procure the case once Shawn is PL: apprehended, believing that a guilty verdict against Shawn will increase PL: her chances of becoming the D.A. Once Shawn is apprehended, the fireworks PL: begin.  BY: James Hunter  
 MV: The Bunker (2014)  PL: "The Bunker," is a fictional war torn valor story of heroism, set in the PL: uncharted lands of "The Ho Bo Woods" in southern Vietnam 1965. Following a PL: bogus ghost hunt for a missing Special Forces unit lead by a man they call PL: Ranger. Pvt. Johannes Schenke (Han), an engineer, attempts to save an PL: alleged nVa (North Vietnamese Army) operative, a Vietnamese girl named PL: Kim-Ly, along with his fellow comrades who have been captured by Ranger and PL: his renegade Special Forces squad while operating out of an abandoned nVa PL: bunker.  BY: Anonymous  PL: "The Bunker," is a fictional war torn valor story of heroism set in PL: uncharted lands of "The Hobo Woods" in southern Vietnam 1965. Following a PL: bogus ghost hunt for a missing Special Forces unit lead by a man they call PL: Ranger. Pvt. Johannes Schenke (Han) an Engineer (Tunnel Rat) and two other PL: American GI's are seized by the SF Unit realizing they no longer have any PL: humanity left in them deciphering wrong from right. Han avoids being PL: captured by the Special Forces, and attempt's to save an alleged nVa PL: operative, Vietnamese girl, Kim-Ly along with his fellow comrades against PL: Ranger and his renegade Special Forces squad operating out of an abandon PL: nVa (North Vietnamese Army), bunker.  BY: Joe Black  
 MV: The Collapse (2014)  PL: Sixteen trillion dollars. The amount of the USA's debt is the contemporary PL: bogeyman - weirdly abstract and yet a perfect breeding ground for the PL: greatest fears : recession, disturbance of the food and fuel supplies, PL: defiance of the citizens against the authorities, millions of weapons in PL: circulation. Many disparate elements that, once put together, could lead to PL: a civil war and the possible annihilation of the American Empire. The PL: Collapse follows three survivalists who foresee a great catastrophe headed PL: their way. Tommy Dalillo, 'Urban Survival Guru' who teaches self-defense PL: and survival techniques in his Long Island School, James Strickland, PL: psychologist and founder of the Long Island Tactical Preppers Group and PJ PL: Johnson, a partially disabled retired cop, who turned his home into a PL: fortress where he tries to become auto-sufficient.  BY: Official Press Kit  PL: This is Americana as epidemic, the sad desperation, juxtaposed in beautiful PL: transitions of halcyon nightmares made real, armed and dangerous minds that PL: are caught in a self-unaware paranoid delusion that they have conquered PL: themselves before they could conquer the world the way they were told they PL: were conquerors of in pre-schools that are no longer funded because of war PL: debt. This is the pathos of the modern day apocalypse anticipation driven PL: by fast food adrenaline paced fears that the flag is just cloth and justice PL: was never going to be fair. This is the future unraveling in preparedness PL: for the catastrophe that the world looks upon and knows all to well, from PL: experience, if you have to prepare like that for that then you have already PL: lost and your exercise in combat gymnastics is just another failed attempt PL: at a morality play history where you try to re-write all the rules in your PL: favor, only your favor has already left the building.  BY: A. Razor Writer, poet and publisher  
 MV: The Expendables 3 (2014)  PL: Barney (Stallone), Christmas (Statham) and the rest of the team comes PL: face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks (Gibson), who years ago co-founded The PL: Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms PL: trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill... or so he thought. PL: Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to PL: end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he PL: has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of PL: Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster PL: and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic PL: old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables' most PL: personal battle yet.  BY: Liongates  PL: Barney Ross and The Expendables rescue Doc, who has been imprisoned for PL: eight years, from a train that is transporting him to a maximum security PL: prison. Doc teams-up with Barney, Lee Christmas, Gunner, Toll Road and Hale PL: Caesar in the assignment of stopping the dealer Victor Mins during a PL: transaction of bombs. However they discover that the dealer is actually the PL: former Expendable Conrad Stonebanks that shots Hale Caesar badly. The PL: Expendables take their friend to the hospital and Barney meets Trench in PL: the waiting room that tells that they are old. Then he has a meeting with PL: the operating officer Max Drummer that had hired The Expendable to kill PL: Victor and he gives one last chance to Barney to fix the problem. Barney PL: concludes that his crew is old and decides to recruit a new and faster team PL: with the support of his friend Bonaparte. Barney hires Thorn, Luna, Mars PL: and the rebel John Smilee and refuses the cooperation of his old team. They PL: head to Bucharest but their mission fails and only Barnes escapes from PL: Stonebanks. Now Barney intends to return to rescue his team with the PL: outcast Galgo. However his old team is like a family and they will never PL: leave Barney fighting alone because family fights together to protect a PL: member.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  PL: Barney Ross and his team are sent on another job but first he rescues a PL: member of the team who's been in prison for 8 years. After doing that he PL: heads off to do the job: get an arms dealer named Mins, but when Barney PL: sees the man, he recognizes him as Stonebanks, another team member who went PL: rogue whom Barney thought he took care of. He then mortally wounds one of PL: Barney's men. Barney would then be approached by a man named Drummer who's PL: with the CIA, who tells him, he wants Mins or Stonebanks. Barney decides to PL: sever all ties with his men and recruits 4 young people to help him get PL: Stonebanks. And they get him and are bringing him back when his people PL: attack them and Barney gets away. Stonebanks calls him telling him, if he PL: wants his people back come and get them. Barney's willing to go alone but PL: his old team joins him.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  
 MV: The Game Done Changed (2014)  PL: Three brothers Mitch, San, and Dee along with childhood friend Carl are all PL: looking for fortune, fame and an escape from the poverty stricken world PL: they live in. The three brothers use cocaine as their vehicle of escape. PL: Middle brother San has dreams of becoming a huge rapper. He shares this PL: dream with his educated, completely legal friend Carl Finley who is San's PL: manager. The dreams of all four come true but at a very expensive price. PL: Watch relationships become destroyed, families jeopardized and integrity PL: compromised as this tale unfolds.  BY: Brian "Wolfman Black" Bowman  PL: The Game Done Changed is a full length film about a platinum selling rap PL: artist who gets arrested for conspiracy to distribute drugs as soon as he PL: signs a multi million dollar deal with a major record label. The charges PL: mysteriously disappear and his career takes flight. Rumors of him being a PL: snitch circulate throughout all of the social media sites and hip hop PL: magazines. Although his financial state increases, his whole life is being PL: destroyed by this rumor. Loyalty and deceit become one in the same as this PL: story unfolds. Money is not protection, honor is absent and loyalty is not PL: guaranteed once you realize that The Game Done Changed.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: The Legend of Hercules (2014)  PL: In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs to the lust of Zeus to bear a PL: son promised to overthrow the tyrannical rule of the king and restore peace PL: to a land in hardship. But this prince, Hercules, knows nothing of his real PL: identity or his destiny. He desires only one thing: the love of Hebe, PL: Princess of Crete, who has been promised to his own brother. When Hercules PL: learns of his greater purpose, he must choose: to flee with his true love PL: or to fulfill his destiny and become the true hero of his time. The story PL: behind one of the greatest myths is revealed in this action-packed epic - a PL: tale of love, sacrifice and the strength of the human spirit.  BY: Millennium Entertainment  PL: The origin story of Hercules, mythical Greek hero - the son of Zeus, a PL: half-god, half-man blessed with extraordinary strength. Betrayed by his PL: stepfather, the King, and exiled and sold into slavery because of a PL: forbidden love, Hercules must use his formidable powers to fight his way PL: back to his rightful kingdom. Through harrowing battles and gladiator-arena PL: death matches, Hercules embarks on a legendary odyssey to overthrow the PL: King and restore peace to the land.  BY: Summit Entertainment  
 MV: The Maze Runner (2014)  PL: Thomas wakes up in an elevator, remembering nothing but his own name. He PL: emerges into a world of about 60 teen boys who have learned to survive in a PL: completely enclosed environment, subsisting on their own agriculture and PL: supplies. A new boy arrives every 30 days. The original group has been in PL: "The Glade" for two years, trying to find a way to escape through the Maze PL: that surrounds their living space. They have begun to give up hope. Then a PL: comatose girl arrives with a strange note, and their world begins to PL: change. There are some great, fast-paced action scenes, particularly those PL: involving the nightmarish Grievers who plague the boys.  BY: KelseyJ  PL: A man wakes up in a clearing in the center of a gigantic maze with no PL: memory of his past, finding a resident community of boys who have built a PL: village in the glade that send two of their strongest and fittest, the PL: 'runners' into the maze every morning to find a way out, every night the PL: doors to the maze close and creatures known as 'grievers' terrorize those PL: who are stuck inside, nobody has ever survived a night in the maze.  BY: Blue_EagleUK  PL: When Thomas wakes up trapped in a massive maze with a group of other boys, PL: he has no memory of the outside world other than strange dreams about a PL: mysterious organization known as W.C.K.D. Only by piecing together PL: fragments of his past with clues he discovers in the maze can Thomas hope PL: to uncover his true purpose and a way to escape. Based upon the PL: best-selling novel by James Dashner.  BY: 20th Century Fox  
 MV: The Raid 2: Berandal (2014)  PL: He thought it was over. After fighting his way out of a building filled PL: with gangsters and madmen - a fight that left the bodies of police and PL: gangsters alike piled in the halls - rookie Jakarta cop Rama thought it was PL: done and he could resume a normal life. He couldn't have been more wrong. PL: Formidable though they may have been, Rama's opponents in that fateful PL: building were nothing more than small fish swimming in a pond much larger PL: than he ever dreamed possible. And his triumph over the small fry has PL: attracted the attention of the predators farther up the food chain. His PL: family at risk, Rama has only one choice to protect his infant son and PL: wife: He must go undercover to enter the criminal underworld himself and PL: climb through the hierarchy of competing forces until it leads him to the PL: corrupt politicians and police pulling the strings at the top of the heap. PL: And so Rama begins a new odyssey of violence, a journey that will force him PL: to set aside his own life and history and take on a new identity as the PL: violent offender "Yuda." In prison he must gain the confidence of Uco - the PL: son of a prominent gang kingpin - to join the gang himself, laying his own PL: life on the line in a desperate all-or-nothing gambit to bring the whole PL: rotten enterprise to an end.  BY: Sony Pictures Classics  
 MV: The Smiley Face Killers (2014)  PL: Since 1998 The Smiley Face Killers gang has been responsible for the PL: drowning deaths of over 80 young men across 11 states. They torture their PL: victims using water boarding style techniques for days and in some cases PL: months until they kill them. Then they dump the bodies in nearby rivers or PL: lakes subsequently washing away any evidence and always leave their PL: signature, a Smiley Face painted nearby. In 2011, Andrew Fitzgerald who had PL: followed the cases since he was in high school began working on a PL: documentary that once completed would be the most comprehensive piece ever PL: done on these killers. He was working in New York City at the time as a PL: videographer/editor and with his equipment and skills was making the film PL: in his spare time. Using social media as a launch pad he was generating PL: interest along the way by documenting the behind the scenes happenings so PL: people could see first hand just what it took to make a film of this PL: caliber. On May 8th, 2013 Andrew had gone to upstate New York to gather PL: additional footage when he disappeared and hasn't been seen since. His best PL: friend Andy, with the permission of his family took what Andrew had done PL: with the film and finished it. Now Andrew's story became a part of the PL: documentary itself, which has eyewitness accounts, reenactments, interviews PL: with family members and experts as well as footage that is believed to show PL: Andrew's captors and his murder.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: The System (2014/II)  PL: The story is about a lower middle class boy Haider Ali who is the son of a PL: Pesh Imam. He is in love with his neighborhood girl Sara. Haider's uncle is PL: a normal government officer who do not consider taking bribe as a sin. PL: Haider gets hooked by the local SHO in a mob firing case. Ultimately after PL: getting away with this case Haider's life has taken a drastic change. PL: Haider now see the bigger and bitter picture of the current system, and how PL: it effects everybody. He decides to do something about this system and in PL: the run his education, family, friends & love is on stake.  BY: Umais Bin Sajjad  PL: The story is about a lower middle class boy Haider Ali (Sheraz) who is the PL: son of a Pesh Imam (Nadeem Baig). He is in love with his neighborhood girl PL: Sara (Kashaf Ali). Haiders uncle (Irfan Khoosat) is a normal government PL: officer who do not consider taking bribe as a sin. Haider gets hooked by PL: the local SHO (Shafqat Cheema) in a mob firing case. Ultimately after PL: getting away with this case Haider's life has taken a drastic change. PL: Haider now see the bigger and bitter picture of the current system, and how PL: it effects everybody. He decides to do something about this system and in PL: the run his education, family, friends & love is on stake.  BY: amy  
 MV: Threads of Destiny (2014)  PL: 94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Republic has been resurrected PL: and democracy once again rules the galaxy. The Jedi Order is reestablished PL: on the planet Yavin 4, and has continued to train new Jedi Knights in the PL: art of peace and justice. But all is not peaceful in this new world. With PL: the fall of the Dark Empire, the ancient Skenvi Empire now comes out of the PL: shadow to make its move. The Skenvi now oppose the New Republic for control PL: over the galaxy with their aggressively growing empire. The Skenvi seek to PL: seize control of all the galaxy's most valuable resources to cripple their PL: enemies. And if a planet refuses to join them, they have been known to take PL: very aggressive actions. Caught in between this struggle over the fate of PL: the galaxy is the little planet of Coreign. The planet possesses a very PL: powerful resource that would greatly favor the side that has access to it PL: if a galactic war was to emerge. In its eagerness to gain access to PL: Coreign's resources, the Skenvi Empire sends its most infamous negotiator, PL: Lord Siege. He is a man who is known throughout the galaxy for seeing that PL: the Skenvi Empire gets what it wants by all means necessary. The New PL: Republic sends two of its Jedi ambassadors, Master Soran Darr and his PL: padawan, Raven Darkham.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Through the Lens (2014)  PL: Through The Lens, a science fiction thriller, presents a vision of the PL: future in which years of strikes and riots have forced the government to PL: place restrictions on the Internet in the name of public safety. A private PL: organization, the Internet Protection Agency, has been entrusted with the PL: policing of the Internet and advanced surveillance, watching people through PL: the eyes of officers wearing Surveillance Contact Lenses. Computer hackers PL: are now hunted fugitives and disappear daily without trace. The film's PL: narrative follows Anthony (23) who has interrupted his studies at PL: university to look after his younger sister Sam (16) after the PL: disappearance of their parents. Anthony and Sam's parents were part of a PL: group of politically motivated hackers called 'The Movement' that has been PL: targeted by the Internet Protection Agency. Key players in the The Movement PL: have been arrested in an attempt to stop leaked files from the IPA PL: archives, documenting evidence of its brutal restrictive practices, being PL: made accessible to the general public. When Anthony lands a job working in PL: the records room at the IPA, he begins to discover the untold story behind PL: his parents' disappearance.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Through The Lens is a highly relevant Science Fiction thriller, set in PL: 2019, in a world in which the Internet has become brutally policed. PL: Following the arrest of his political activist parents by the Internet PL: Protection Agency (IPA), Anthony Thomas is forced to end his studies at PL: university and return home to look after his younger sister Sam. When PL: Anthony lands a job working in the records room at the IPA he begins to PL: discover the story behind his parents disappearance.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Transformers: Age of Extinction (2014)  PL: After the battle between the Autobots and Decepticons that leveled Chicago, PL: humanity thinks that all alien robots are a threat. So Harold Attinger, a PL: CIA agent, establishes a unit whose sole purpose is to hunt down all of PL: them. But it turns out that they are aided by another alien robot who is PL: searching for Optimus Prime. Cade Yeager, a "robotics expert", buys an old PL: truck and upon examining it, he thinks it's a Transformer. When he powers PL: it up, he discovers it's Optimus Prime. Later, men from the unit show up PL: looking for Optimus. He helps Yeager and his daughter Tessa escape but are PL: pursued by the hunter. They escape and Yeager learns from technology he PL: took from the men that a technology magnate and defense contractor named PL: Joshua Joyce is part of what's going on, so they go to find out what's PL: going on.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: Five years after the Deception invasion of Chicago, Autobots were granted PL: sanctuary into the Earth. Believing they are a threat, they were secretly PL: eliminated by an elite CIA unit with the help of a transformer bounty PL: hunter, Lockdown. Because of this, Optimus has since lost his faith in PL: humanity after the ambush that caused his injury and even considers leaving PL: the planet until Cade, a mechanic, convinced him to reconsider his faith in PL: humanity after helping him slightly recover. Together with his family, they PL: join the Autobots to exterminate the bounty hunter, the reincarnated PL: Megatron (in the form of Galvatron), and the Cemetery Wind (elite CIA unit PL: tasked in killing Transformers).  BY: Jeffrey Dulay Fragata  
 MV: Travelator (2014)  PL: SLAV (18), an eager "first person" shooter gamer from disadvantaged social PL: background, is hired as the best among his friends, to be a real-life PL: killer for the Serbian mob. A war refugee born in Slovenia, thus in a rare PL: position not needing a valuable American visa, he accepts the latest PL: assignment trip to Las Vegas to gun down a criminal insider under Serbian PL: state witness protection program. Slav enters the neon city's high style PL: living, spots and tails the target and his two official bodyguards, eyeing PL: their habits and behavior. The closer he is, the deeper he penetrates into PL: the corruption and arrogance of the criminal classes of the Serbian PL: society. Slav fathoms the deeds the villain did in past as a cruel warlord. PL: Looting, raping, slaying. Today he is even protected by his fatherland to PL: indict and expose important political opponents, getting freedom and money PL: in return. And Slav never had either of them. Anger overwhelms him as he PL: realizes that he himself is a product of such war atrocities and social PL: circumstances, part of the human debris on the very bottom, even maybe 'the PL: son' of the rapists. Now the time has come for the 'father' who must be PL: killed! Slav haunts down the Serbs through the kaleidoscope of artificial PL: worlds depicted in Las Vegas. As a dedicated first person shooter, just as PL: in games but this time for real, he uses his skill to give chase and shoot, PL: and execute his mission in the fountains of blood.  BY: NoName  
 MV: Vampire Academy (2014)  PL: Rose Hathaway is a dhampir, half-vampire and half-human, who is training to PL: be a guardian at St Vladimir's Academy along with many others like her. PL: There are good and bad vampires in their world: Moroi, who co-exist PL: peacefully among the humans and only take blood from donors, and also PL: possess the ability to control one of the four elements - water, earth, PL: fire or air; and Strigoi, blood-sucking, evil vampires who drink to kill. PL: Rose and other dhampir guardians are trained to protect Moroi and kill PL: Strigoi throughout their education. Along with her best friend, Princess PL: Vasilisa Dragomir, a Moroi and the last of her line, with whom she has a PL: nigh unbreakable bond, Rose must run away from St Vladimir's, in order to PL: protect Lissa from those who wish to harm the princess and use her for PL: their own means.  BY: jessieyf1  PL: Seventeen year old Rose Hathaway is reckless, passionate, outspoken and PL: beautiful. She is also a dhampir (half vampire/half human) training to PL: become a Guardian, an essential part of her world needed for the survival PL: of her race. She, along with others study at St. Vladimir's Academy in PL: Montana where they coexist with Moroi (mortal vampires who can manipulate PL: the element -air, earth, fire, water) until they graduate to protect the PL: Royal Families from the evil, nocturnal, immortal Strigoi vampires who kill PL: humans and Moroi alike. The war is never-ending and it has been a battle of PL: survival for centuries. But will Rose be able to prove herself through PL: discipline when she herself is falling for her 24 year old mentor, Dimitri PL: Belikov after returning to school with Princess Lissa Dragomir, a Royal PL: Moroi and Rose's best friend after an infamous two year furlough that PL: endangered their lives?  BY: AshleyMarie  PL: The teenagers Rose Hathaway and Vasilisa "Lissa" Dragomir are best friend PL: and escapee from the St. Vladimir's Academy for more than one year. When PL: the guardian Dimitri Belikov from the St Vladimir's Academy and his team PL: find the girls, they bring them back to the academy. Rose is a Dhampir, a PL: good half human-half vampire breed that can eat regular food and are PL: trained to protect the Moroi from the evil immortal vampires Strigoi. Lissa PL: is a Princess of the Moroi, a good mortal breed of vampires that feed of PL: blood from donors and is capable to control one of the four elements. When PL: they return, the Headmistress Kirova intends to punish Rose, but the old PL: Moroi Victor Dashkov, who was a friend of Lissa's family, dissuades Kirova PL: from her intent. Lissa dates her outcast schoolmate Christian Ozera but PL: unexpectedly she is threatened by someone that wishes to harm her. Victor's PL: daughter Natalie joins Rose and Lissa to help them to seek out who might be PL: the enemy.  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  
 MV: Vs. Reality (2014)  PL: Donovan Cole hates his life: his body, his job, his relationship...until PL: one night a violent confrontation outside a nightclub causes him to change PL: - instantly infusing him with almost supernatural size and strength. The PL: transformation is only temporary, and before long he realizes that he's not PL: the only one; people around the world have been manifesting at random, able PL: to bend the laws of physics that govern our universe...but they're rarely PL: seen or heard from again. Who, or what, is causing them to disappear? PL: What's the trigger that causes someone to change? And is it arbitrary when PL: someone manifests their powers? Cole is drawn to a beautiful but troubled PL: girl named Dia who is looking for similar answers, but has a solution to PL: the unreliable nature of their unstable powers: an experimental drug known PL: as 'Muse' that enables the user to trigger their abilities and transform at PL: will. Battling a powerful and mysterious faction known as The Collectors - PL: as well as their own addictions - Dia, Cole, and a small group of friends PL: race against time to unravel the secrets of their uncanny abilities...but PL: they may not live long enough to find out.  BY: BN  
 MV: Weapon of Choice (2014)  PL: Retired assassin, Jack Lee, walked away from his violent past to raise his PL: dead brother's daughter, Jaime, as his own. When crime lord Banducci PL: kidnaps Jaime for a payback, Jack brings his gifted skills of extermination PL: out of retirement and the streets of San Francisco become a battleground PL: for a one man killing machine and ruthless, united mob bosses.  BY: Jino Kang  PL: A retired assassin, Jack Lee walked away from his violent past to raise his PL: dead brother's daughter, Jaime, as his own. When a crime boss kidnaps Jaime PL: for a payback, Jack brings his gifted skills of extermination out of PL: retirement and the streets of San Francisco becomes a battleground for a PL: one man killing machine and ruthless united mob bosses.  BY: Anonymous  PL: Jack, a cold blooded assassin trades his life as a single father when he PL: rescues Jaime, a little girl from a tragedy. As years go by, Jack and Jaime PL: bond as a father and daughter and Jack for the first time in his life finds PL: love and humanity. However, this good life does not last forever when his PL: former boss, seeking revenge, kidnaps Jaime as leverage against Jack. Jack PL: brings his gifted skills of extermination out of retirement and the streets PL: of San Francisco become a battleground for a one-man killing machine and PL: ruthless, united mob bosses.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: Wings of the Dragon (2014)  PL: The Circle of Honor is a secret fight club with members and fans all over PL: the world. Its traditions of to-the-death fight matches date back to PL: medieval China. The world champion Circle of Honor fighter holds the PL: magical Wings of the Dragon swords until another comes along who is PL: greater. Jackson Lee, a modern day warrior, a descendant of the bloodline PL: from the original five Shao Lin warriors, is caught between a past he can't PL: change, and a destiny he can't avoid. Over one thousand years ago Chinese PL: Emperor "XUANZOG" from the "TANG DYNASTY" decreed that at every full moon, PL: the best warriors, representing their respective families should meet in a PL: fight to the death, in "the Circle of Honor". To the victor, the prize, two PL: swords "The Wings of the Dragon". Jackson Lee has held the swords for PL: almost fifteen years. In that time, Lee has grown weary of the killing and PL: the cult that celebrates it and refuses any but annual championship bouts. PL: The younger fighters want to beat him, and so the question of scoring that PL: once-a-year championship bout against Jackson Lee looms large in the minds PL: of these very ambitious, competitive killers. Many of the Circle of Honor PL: fighters are professional hit met, assassins, soldiers of fortune, military PL: men and women, while some are dentists and accountants. They all lead PL: double lives because there is absolutely nothing legal about the Circle of PL: Honor.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)  PL: Sentinels, robots that were created for the purpose of hunting down mutants PL: were released in 1973. 50 years later the Sentinels would also hunt humans PL: who aid mutants. Charles Xavier and his X-Men try their best to deal with PL: the Sentinels but they are able to adapt and deal with all mutant PL: abilities. Charles decides to go back in time and change things. He asks PL: Kitty Pryde who can send a person's consciousness into the person's past to PL: send him but she can only send someone back a few weeks because if she PL: sends someone back further it could harm them. So Logan decides to go back PL: himself because he might be able to withstand it. So Charles tells him that PL: it's Mystique who's responsible because when she learned about the PL: Sentinels she sought out Bolivar Trask the man who created them and killed PL: him. She would be caught and studied and her ability to change was somehow PL: added to the Sentinels which is why they can adapt. Logan must go to the PL: younger Charles and ask him to help; problem is that he was despondent at PL: that time and without his powers because he took a drug which allows him to PL: walk but takes away his powers. Logan is also told to find Magneto.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: In the future, the mutants and the humans that help them are slaughtered by PL: powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, PL: Storm, Kitty Pryde and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier PL: explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of PL: Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their PL: creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to PL: 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr. PL: However, only Wolverine can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will PL: he succeed in stopping Mystique and the Sentinel Program and save the PL: mutants and their human friends from annihilation?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  PL: In the future, the mutants and the humans that help them are slaughtered by PL: powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, PL: Storm, Kitty Pryde and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier PL: explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of PL: Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their PL: creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to PL: 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr to PL: convince Mystique to give up of her intention. . However, only Wolverine PL: can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will he succeed in stopping PL: Mystique and the Sentinel Program and save the mutants and their human PL: friends from annihilation?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  PL: The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species PL: across two time periods in X-Men: Days of Future Past. The characters from PL: the original X-Men film trilogy join forces with their younger selves from PL: X-Men: First Class in an epic battle that must change the past - to save PL: our future.  BY: Twentieth Century Fox  PL: In 2023, the entire human race is on the brink of extinction. Sentinels, PL: originally created to kill mutants now hunt all of mankind. The remaining PL: survivors cannot stand against the onslaught of the Sentinel army. In order PL: to save the future, Wolverine is sent back to 1973 in order to stop the war PL: before it even starts.  BY: Ed Kwong  
 MV: Yaan (2014)  PL: Chandru is an MBA graduate, who was raised by his granny and lives a PL: carefree life with his friends in Mumbai with simply no need to have a job PL: to support him. Srila on the other hand is a young driving instructor PL: living with her father, a retired army officer. They accidentally run into PL: each other in the mle of a shootout between cops and terrorists, where PL: Chandru saves Srila and falls for her looks. The blossoming romance hits PL: roadblocks when Srila's father rejects Chandru as he has no job. Stung by PL: the harsh treatment, Chandru tries hard to land a job and eventually gets PL: one in a Middle East nation where he is caught in a conspiracy and his PL: struggle to wriggle out of it forms the rest of the movie.  BY: PipingHotViews  PL: Chandru (Jiiva) meets Srila (Thulasi) and is blown away by her beauty. PL: Though she desists him in the beginning, she eventually falls for him and PL: the two are a perfect made-for-each-other couple. Circumstances force PL: Chandru to leave to Balikistan for work. But he gets caught for the crime PL: of having carried drugs, which he doesn't commit and is not even aware of. PL: He gets sentenced to the ultimate punishment of being beheaded. Will he PL: prove his innocence and manage to return home ?  BY: Munna Krish  
 MV: Yat ku chan dik mou lam (2014)  PL: A vicious killer named Fung goes around Hong Kong killing top martial arts PL: exponents and leaving a secret weapon called the Moonshadow as his calling PL: card. When a convicted killer and kung fu expert named Ha - formerly PL: working as a martial arts instructor before accidentally killing a man and PL: being imprisoned and convicted for the crime he didn't intend to do - hears PL: of this, he offers to help the police catch the killer in return for his PL: freedom. With Ha's help, the police realize from the chronological order of PL: the victims that the killer is targeting his victims, all top masters in PL: their respective martial arts style, and following a martial code of PL: training. After a close encounter with Fung, Ha suddenly disappears and the PL: police begin to suspect the worse: that the two are accomplices and Fung PL: was the bait to help spring Ha from jail. But Ha has actually gone back to PL: his home in Foshan to find out more about the mysterious calling card. PL: While doing so, he discovers the killer's identity and his motivation: the PL: true philosophy behind Fung's martial arts is to kill opponents who are PL: weaker than him. Steadfastly, Ha refuses to be drawn into a fight with Fung PL: - until the killer threatens the woman he loves most. Only then does he PL: realize that he would have to go against the martial code in order to PL: uphold it.  BY: DooK  
 MV: Z Storm (2014)  PL: This is a story about the biggest financial fraud attempted in Hong Kong, PL: directed at the Government of Hong Kong and involved all 7 million Hong PL: Kong citizens... no one is free from the scheme. Within the four decades of PL: guarding Hong Kong's financial integrity, the ICAC has never come across an PL: opponent so huge and so well organized as in the Z Torrent file... shadowy PL: figures from the underworld of South America, Italy and Europe all ready to PL: plot against the estimated 150 million dollars of Hong Kong citizens' tax PL: money which was pooled in a fund called the WELFARE FUND. High profile PL: chartered accountants, high ranking law enforcers, power lawyers, the super PL: entrepreneurs; they all have their shares of play but none can really grasp PL: the big picture; they are there only for what they desire most. When the PL: wife of an up-rising star Superintendent of police force reported his PL: corruption simply out of bitterness for being ill-treated, little did she PL: know she is about to pull the head string from a very well weaved web of PL: deceive, greed, sex, power, and last but not least, fear. The ICAC agent PL: LOK who took charge of the simple complaint felt otherwise... it's his PL: passion for justice that has been driving him all these years in the battle PL: against bribery and corruption, even after losing his beloved wife. Further PL: investigation soon revealed many unanswered questions and loose ends...the PL: death of an ex-godfather status accountant of Hong Kong, the threats to PL: even the seemingly harmless witnesses and informers, and the surfacing of a PL: mysterious lady that has all connection with LOK's wanted list but with a PL: background as simple and as tragic as a girl next door with terminal PL: illness... As Lok dug deeper into the web, he is being hunted by trained PL: foreign mercenaries; a tactic very seldom or never heard of in the history PL: of Hong Kong's underworld! With the support of his superior the old but PL: streetwise Deputy Chief of ICAC, Lok eventually unlocked the door to the PL: plan, but only after a bloodbath gun battle that almost cost him his life PL: and that of the attractive mysterious woman, Angel.  BY: Anonymous  
 MV: X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014)  PL: Sentinels, robots that were created for the purpose of hunting down mutants PL: were released in 1973. 50 years later the Sentinels would also hunt humans PL: who aid mutants. Charles Xavier and his X-Men try their best to deal with PL: the Sentinels but they are able to adapt and deal with all mutant PL: abilities. Charles decides to go back in time and change things. He asks PL: Kitty Pryde who can send a person's consciousness into the person's past to PL: send him but she can only send someone back a few weeks because if she PL: sends someone back further it could harm them. So Logan decides to go back PL: himself because he might be able to withstand it. So Charles tells him that PL: it's Mystique who's responsible because when she learned about the PL: Sentinels she sought out Bolivar Trask the man who created them and killed PL: him. She would be caught and studied and her ability to change was somehow PL: added to the Sentinels which is why they can adapt. Logan must go to the PL: younger Charles and ask him to help; problem is that he was despondent at PL: that time and without his powers because he took a drug which allows him to PL: walk but takes away his powers. Logan is also told to find Magneto.  BY: rcs0411@yahoo.com  PL: In the future, the mutants and the humans that help them are slaughtered by PL: powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, PL: Storm, Kitty Pryde and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier PL: explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of PL: Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their PL: creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to PL: 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr. PL: However, only Wolverine can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will PL: he succeed in stopping Mystique and the Sentinel Program and save the PL: mutants and their human friends from annihilation?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  PL: In the future, the mutants and the humans that help them are slaughtered by PL: powerful robots named Sentinels. Professor Xavier, Wolverine, Magneto, PL: Storm, Kitty Pryde and her friends meet at a monastery in China and Xavier PL: explains that the invincible Sentinels were created using the DNA of PL: Mystique that was captured in 1973 when she tried to assassinate their PL: creator Dr. Bolivar Trask. Xavier tells that their only chance is return to PL: 1973 using Pryde's ability to join Charles Xavier and Erik Lehnsherr to PL: convince Mystique to give up of her intention. . However, only Wolverine PL: can withstand the damages of the time travel. Will he succeed in stopping PL: Mystique and the Sentinel Program and save the mutants and their human PL: friends from annihilation?  BY: Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil  PL: The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species PL: across two time periods in X-Men: Days of Future Past. The characters from PL: the original X-Men film trilogy join forces with their younger selves from PL: X-Men: First Class in an epic battle that must change the past - to save PL: our future.  BY: Twentieth Century Fox  PL: In 2023, the entire human race is on the brink of extinction. Sentinels, PL: originally created to kill mutants now hunt all of mankind. The remaining PL: survivors cannot stand against the onslaught of the Sentinel army. In order PL: to save the future, Wolverine is sent back to 1973 in order to stop the war PL: before it even starts.  BY: Ed Kwong  
 